content/claims/trump-modernized-us-nuclear-arsenal/_index.md, before:

---
title: Trump modernized U.S. nuclear arsenal
summary:
  He ordered a "Nuclear Posture Review", which has not been completed
  and is only a report on the current status.
checks:
  - checker: nbc
    quote:
      Trump ordered a rebuilding of the American military and
      assessing its readiness on January 27th, a week into office. In
      that order, Trump called for a "Nuclear Posture Review," an
      analysis designed to help the new administration understand its
      existing arsenal and how it meets strategic needs.


      Neither have any direct effect on the nuclear arsenal that the
      nation has today.
    url: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-no-trump-did-not-modernize-u-s-nukes-n791286
  - checker: washington-post
    short: In a word, no.
    quote:
      Trump indeed gave an order to launch an NPR, but that is standard
      procedure for a new administration. But he’s kidding himself — or
      misleading Americans — that much has changed in the nuclear
      arsenal since he took office in January.
    url: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/09/trumps-claim-that-u-s-nuclear-arsenal-is-now-far-stronger-and-more-powerful/
  - checker: cbs
    quote:
      Mr. Trump did order a review of U.S. nuclear posture and strategy
      early in his presidency, but that's different from modernization
      and bringing old systems up to usable standards.
    url: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-takes-credit-for-nuclear-arsenal-that-was-largely-modernized-by-obama-administration/
  - checker: factcheck-org
    quote:
      It’s true that Trump
      [directed](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/presidential-memorandum-rebuilding-us-armed-forces)
      his secretary of defense to initiate a Nuclear Posture Review.
      But that review was not his “first order”; it was not unexpected;
      and it won’t be done until
      [the end of the year](https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/1153992/dod-announces-commencement-of-the-nuclear-posture-review/),
      so it has yet to result in any improvements.
    url: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/08/trump-misfires-nuclear-weapons-boast/
  - checker: politifact
    quote:
      What Trump did shortly after taking office was neither his first
      order nor a unique action; every new president in recent years
      has requested a Nuclear Posture Review. In addition, the ongoing
      nuclear modernization plan — which dates back to the Obama
      administration and will take decades to complete — would not
      have notched achievements in six months sufficient to be
      characterized as "far stronger and more powerful than ever
      before."
    url: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/09/donald-trump/under-donald-trump-us-nuclear-arsenal-far-stronger/
---

Commit message:

Add an AP fact check for Trump's nuclear modernization statement.

content/claims/trump-modernized-us-nuclear-arsenal/_index.md, after:

---
title: Trump modernized U.S. nuclear arsenal
summary:
  He ordered a "Nuclear Posture Review", which has not been completed
  and is only a report on the current status.
checks:
  - checker: nbc
    quote:
      Trump ordered a rebuilding of the American military and
      assessing its readiness on January 27th, a week into office. In
      that order, Trump called for a "Nuclear Posture Review," an
      analysis designed to help the new administration understand its
      existing arsenal and how it meets strategic needs.


      Neither have any direct effect on the nuclear arsenal that the
      nation has today.
    url: http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-no-trump-did-not-modernize-u-s-nukes-n791286
  - checker: washington-post
    short: In a word, no.
    quote:
      Trump indeed gave an order to launch an NPR, but that is standard
      procedure for a new administration. But he’s kidding himself — or
      misleading Americans — that much has changed in the nuclear
      arsenal since he took office in January.
    url: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/09/trumps-claim-that-u-s-nuclear-arsenal-is-now-far-stronger-and-more-powerful/
  - checker: cbs
    quote:
      Mr. Trump did order a review of U.S. nuclear posture and strategy
      early in his presidency, but that's different from modernization
      and bringing old systems up to usable standards.
    url: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-takes-credit-for-nuclear-arsenal-that-was-largely-modernized-by-obama-administration/
  - checker: factcheck-org
    quote:
      It’s true that Trump
      [directed](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/presidential-memorandum-rebuilding-us-armed-forces)
      his secretary of defense to initiate a Nuclear Posture Review.
      But that review was not his “first order”; it was not unexpected;
      and it won’t be done until
      [the end of the year](https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/1153992/dod-announces-commencement-of-the-nuclear-posture-review/),
      so it has yet to result in any improvements.
    url: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/08/trump-misfires-nuclear-weapons-boast/
  - checker: politifact
    quote:
      What Trump did shortly after taking office was neither his first
      order nor a unique action; every new president in recent years
      has requested a Nuclear Posture Review. In addition, the ongoing
      nuclear modernization plan — which dates back to the Obama
      administration and will take decades to complete — would not
      have notched achievements in six months sufficient to be
      characterized as "far stronger and more powerful than ever
      before."
    url: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/09/donald-trump/under-donald-trump-us-nuclear-arsenal-far-stronger/\
  - checker: ap
    quote:
      Trump did order a new review of the U.S. nuclear posture, in an executive order in January. The order said the review should ensure America’s nuclear deterrent is robust, ready and tailored to address 21st century threats.


      But the review isn’t complete. There have been no significant changes in America’s nuclear power as a result.
    url: https://www.apnews.com/3cf3bb9d934e4e178085d2f2663abab7/AP-FACT-CHECK:-Trump's-unjustified-boast-about-US-nuke-power
---
