content/person/sarah-huckabee-sanders/2017-10-10-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-10

claims:
- corker-behind-iran-deal

quote:
  Senator Corker worked with Nancy Pelosi and the Obama administration to pave the way for that legislation and basically rolled out the red carpet for the Iran deal.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: GXdHmq1AtZ0
  start: 559
  duration: 9
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/10/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-10102017-21

checks:
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, had no role in crafting the 2015 international agreement forged by the U.S. and other world powers to constrain Iran's ability to build a nuclear arsenal. Corker was a vocal opponent of the accord and argued President Barack Obama should have made the seven-nation pact a treaty subject to approval by the Senate.
  source: https://apnews.com/f805c26f59184f2781e33793aa817346/AP-FACT-CHECK:-WH-wrong-in-saying-Corker-behind-Iran-deal
---

Commit message:

Add PolitiFact check to Sanders' statement on Corker/Iran.

content/person/sarah-huckabee-sanders/2017-10-10-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-10

claims:
- corker-behind-iran-deal

quote:
  Senator Corker worked with Nancy Pelosi and the Obama administration to pave the way for that legislation and basically rolled out the red carpet for the Iran deal.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: GXdHmq1AtZ0
  start: 559
  duration: 9
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/10/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-10102017-21

checks:
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, had no role in crafting the 2015 international agreement forged by the U.S. and other world powers to constrain Iran's ability to build a nuclear arsenal. Corker was a vocal opponent of the accord and argued President Barack Obama should have made the seven-nation pact a treaty subject to approval by the Senate.
  source: https://apnews.com/f805c26f59184f2781e33793aa817346/AP-FACT-CHECK:-WH-wrong-in-saying-Corker-behind-Iran-deal
- checker: politifact
  quote:
    Kelsey Davenport, the director for nonproliferation policy at the Arms Control Association, also said the Trump administration was way off the mark.


    "It is ludicrous to argue that Senator Corker and Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act are responsible for delivering the nuclear deal with Iran," she said. "If anything, (the law) nearly prevented the deal's implementation and undermined the agreement."
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/oct/12/donald-trump/sen-bob-corker-responsible-iran-deal-donald-trump-/
---
