content/person/sarah-huckabee-sanders/2017-10-02.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-02

claims:
- chicago-has-most-strict-gun-control-laws-in-us

quote:
  I think if you look to Chicago, where you had over 4,000 victims of gun-related crimes last year, they have the strictest gun laws in the country. That certainly hasn't helped there, so I think we have to -- when that time comes for those conversations to take place, then I think we need to look at things that may actually have that real impact.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: lIA0KT7SqP0
  start: 344
  duration: 11
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/02/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  sharethefacts: 73a4333e-ccc4-4d30-873d-4b1e190e0a38
  quote:
    There was a brief time between 2008 and 2010 -- the window during which Washington, D.C.’s handgun ban had been invalidated but Chicago’s still stood -- where that might have been true. But federal court rulings effectively undid city and state laws severely restricting gun use and ownership in the Chicago. When it comes to the concealed carry of weapons, Chicago has less authority to impose limitations than do many other large U.S. cities.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/illinois/statements/2017/oct/03/sarah-huckabee-sanders/chicago-toughest-gun-control-claim-shot-full-holes/
---

Commit message:

Add NPR fact check on SHS statement about Chicago gun laws.

content/person/sarah-huckabee-sanders/2017-10-02.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-02

claims:
- chicago-has-most-strict-gun-control-laws-in-us

quote:
  I think if you look to Chicago, where you had over 4,000 victims of gun-related crimes last year, they have the strictest gun laws in the country. That certainly hasn't helped there, so I think we have to -- when that time comes for those conversations to take place, then I think we need to look at things that may actually have that real impact.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: lIA0KT7SqP0
  start: 344
  duration: 11
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/02/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  sharethefacts: 73a4333e-ccc4-4d30-873d-4b1e190e0a38
  quote:
    There was a brief time between 2008 and 2010 -- the window during which Washington, D.C.’s handgun ban had been invalidated but Chicago’s still stood -- where that might have been true. But federal court rulings effectively undid city and state laws severely restricting gun use and ownership in the Chicago. When it comes to the concealed carry of weapons, Chicago has less authority to impose limitations than do many other large U.S. cities.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/illinois/statements/2017/oct/03/sarah-huckabee-sanders/chicago-toughest-gun-control-claim-shot-full-holes/
- checker: npr
  quote:
    But while gun violence in Chicago is high, the rest of this common talking point doesn't really hold water.
  source: http://www.npr.org/2017/10/05/555580598/fact-check-is-chicago-proof-that-gun-laws-don-t-work
---
