README.md, before:

Factopolis is a non-partisan site to track when politicians lie.  We
don't do any fact-checking ourselves, but instead provide links to
trusted third-parties who have verified claims to be false.

The main data sources right now are in `content/claim` and
`content/person`.  I'll add documentation for how to work with these
when I have time, but until then it shouldn't be too hard to figure
out—just look in the `content/` folder.

To view the site locally, you'll need to install
[Hugo](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/).  Once that's done,
simply run `hugo server` in the root directory, then browse to
[localhost:1313](http://localhost:1313/).

Any help would be greatly appreciated—it turns out politicians tell a
**lot** of lies, and it takes time to import them into our database.

There is plenty of room for improvement on the front end, so if you're
a web developer and/or designer any help you can provide would be
fantastic.  Remember, the JSON files are accessible over HTTP, too, so
there are plenty of opportunities to create rich interactive
experiences.

Commit message:

Begin working on Dart front-end.

README.md, after:

Factopolis is a non-partisan site to track when politicians lie.  We
don't do any fact-checking ourselves, but instead provide links to
trusted third-parties who have verified claims to be false.

The main data sources right now are in `content/claim` and
`content/person`.  I'll add documentation for how to work with these
when I have time, but until then it shouldn't be too hard to figure
out—just look in the `content/` folder.

 To view the site locally, you'll need to install
[Hugo](https://gohugo.io/overview/installing/) and
[Dart](https://www.dartlang.org/install).  Once those are intalled you
can bring up a local server by running `hugo -w` in one tab, and `pub
get && pub serve` in another, then view the site in Dartium on
[localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/).

Any help would be greatly appreciated—it turns out politicians tell a
**lot** of lies, and it takes time to import them into our database.

There is plenty of room for improvement on the front end, so if you're
a web developer and/or designer any help you can provide would be
fantastic.  Remember, the JSON files are accessible over HTTP, too, so
there are plenty of opportunities to create rich interactive
experiences.
