content/person/kellyanne-conway/2017-02-02.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-02-02

claims:
- bowling-green-massacre

quote:
  I bet, there was very little coverage — I bet it's brand new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized — and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. I mean, most people don't know that because it didn't get covered.
where: interview with MSNBC's Chris Matthews
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: g-w16cyQ8wQ
  start: 163
  duration: 19
- type: web
  url: http://www.NPR.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/03/513222852/bogus-bowling-green-massacre-claim-snarls-trump-adviser-conway

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/03/kellyanne-conway/fact-checking-kellyanne-conways-bowling-green-mass/
retraction:
  type: clarification
  date: 2017-02-03
  source: https://twitter.com/KellyannePolls/status/827505588808667136
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/kellyanne-conway/2017-02-02.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-02-02

claims:
- bowling-green-massacre

quote:
  I bet, there was very little coverage — I bet it's brand new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized — and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. I mean, most people don't know that because it didn't get covered.
where: interview with MSNBC's Chris Matthews
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: g-w16cyQ8wQ
  start: 163
  duration: 19
- type: web
  url: http://www.NPR.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/03/513222852/bogus-bowling-green-massacre-claim-snarls-trump-adviser-conway

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  short:
    … there was no "massacre" in or around Bowling Green that was either carried out or attempted.
  quote:
    Most importantly, there was no "massacre" in or around Bowling Green that was either carried out or attempted.


    In addition, while the two men were charged with serious crimes and were sentenced accordingly, it’s important to remember that everything that happened was part of a sting operation by the FBI. This means that the people of Bowling Green were not endangered at any point, and that the entire incident can be viewed as a law-enforcement success.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/03/kellyanne-conway/fact-checking-kellyanne-conways-bowling-green-mass/
retraction:
  type: clarification
  date: 2017-02-03
  source: https://twitter.com/KellyannePolls/status/827505588808667136
---
