content/person/kellyanne-conway/2017-02-02-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-02-02

claims:
- 2017-longest-us-without-treasury-secretary

quote:
  I was told yesterday, that this is longest that the nation has gone
  without a secretary of the Treasury, at least in modern times. If
  it's not the longest, it's darn close to it.
where: interview on Fox & Friends
sources:
- type: web
  url: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/02/kellyanne-conway/longest-united-states-has-gone-without-secretary-t/
- type: web
  # start: 3:17 (197)
  # duration: 9
  url: http://video.FoxNews.com/v/5307768757001/

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  quote:
    The United States didn’t have a president-appointed, Senate-confirmed secretary of Treasury for 34 days in 2013. Mnuchin’s confirmation could drag out longer, but Conway made this claim on Feb. 2, 14 days after inauguration.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/02/kellyanne-conway/longest-united-states-has-gone-without-secretary-t/
---

Commit message:

Add UUIDs for ShareTheFacts.org widgets.

content/person/kellyanne-conway/2017-02-02-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-02-02

claims:
- 2017-longest-us-without-treasury-secretary

quote:
  I was told yesterday, this is the longest that the nation has gone
  without a Secretary of the Treasury, at least in modern times. If
  it's not the longest, it's darn close to it.
where: interview on Fox & Friends
sources:
- type: web
  url: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/02/kellyanne-conway/longest-united-states-has-gone-without-secretary-t/
- type: video
  duration: 9
  url: https://Archive.org/download/FOXNEWSW_20170202_120300_FOX__Friends/FOXNEWSW_20170202_120300_FOX__Friends.mp4?t=197/207&exact=1&ignore=x.mp4
  source: https://Archive.org/details/FOXNEWSW_20170202_120300_FOX__Friends/start/197/end/207
- type: video
  start: 197
  duration: 9
  iframe: http://video.foxnews.com/static/p/video/app/embed/iframe/vod.html?video_id=5307768757001
  source: http://video.FoxNews.com/v/5307768757001/

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: 8712097e-8b51-4f6b-be28-cc14fda204de
  quote:
    The United States didn’t have a president-appointed, Senate-confirmed secretary of Treasury for 34 days in 2013. Mnuchin’s confirmation could drag out longer, but Conway made this claim on Feb. 2, 14 days after inauguration.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/02/kellyanne-conway/longest-united-states-has-gone-without-secretary-t/
---
