content/person/kris-kobach/2017-09-07.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-07

claims:
- same-day-registrations-with-out-of-state-licenses-in-nh-prove-voter-fraud

quote:
  "Now, however, facts have come to light that indicate that a pivotal, close election was likely changed through voter fraud on November 8, 2016: New Hampshire's U.S. Senate Seat, and perhaps also New Hampshire's four electoral college votes in the presidential election."
where: column on Breitbart
sources:
- type: web
  url: http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/07/exclusive-kobach-out-of-state-voters-changed-outcome-new-hampshire-senate-race/

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: unsupported
  sharethefacts:
  short: But Kobach hasn't provided evidence of any illegal voting.
  quote:
    But that's no smoking gun. It is plausible, in fact likely, that most of those voters were college students who are allowed by state law to vote in New Hampshire even though they only live in the state part of the year.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/kobachs-bogus-proof-voter-fraud/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: a75afd38-fbc6-4af2-b9f7-e7ad4c3622dc
  quote:
    He cited 5,313 votes cast with out-of-state IDs, but New Hampshire law says there's nothing inherently fraudulent about them, as a person can lawfully vote in New Hampshire while holding motor vehicle registration or a driver's license in another state.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/15/kris-kobach/there-evidence-voter-fraud-new-hampshire-kris-koba/
---

Commit message:

New check on Kobach's NH voter fraud theory.

content/person/kris-kobach/2017-09-07.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-07

claims:
- same-day-registrations-with-out-of-state-licenses-in-nh-prove-voter-fraud

quote:
  "Now, however, facts have come to light that indicate that a pivotal, close election was likely changed through voter fraud on November 8, 2016: New Hampshire's U.S. Senate Seat, and perhaps also New Hampshire's four electoral college votes in the presidential election."
where: column on Breitbart
sources:
- type: web
  url: http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/07/exclusive-kobach-out-of-state-voters-changed-outcome-new-hampshire-senate-race/

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: unsupported
  sharethefacts: 9821700c-8a58-4ae1-b923-f98a2385f1e4
  short: But Kobach hasn't provided evidence of any illegal voting.
  quote:
    But that's no smoking gun. It is plausible, in fact likely, that most of those voters were college students who are allowed by state law to vote in New Hampshire even though they only live in the state part of the year.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/kobachs-bogus-proof-voter-fraud/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: a75afd38-fbc6-4af2-b9f7-e7ad4c3622dc
  quote:
    He cited 5,313 votes cast with out-of-state IDs, but New Hampshire law says there's nothing inherently fraudulent about them, as a person can lawfully vote in New Hampshire while holding motor vehicle registration or a driver's license in another state.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/15/kris-kobach/there-evidence-voter-fraud-new-hampshire-kris-koba/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: 8e1b1bd8-7512-4b92-840a-dc6a0f882caa
  quote:
    Kobach says there were 5,313 fraudulent ballots cast by out-of-state voters in New Hampshire. That is not supported by facts. New Hampshire allows temporary residents with out-of-state IDs to vote in the state, as long as they primarily live in the state. It does not necessarily mean these voters committed fraud. The state is investigating 196 people who voted in another state but were on the New Hampshire voter list. Even if all 196 people were confirmed as fraudulent cases, it would not be enough to tip the outcome of either the Senate or the presidential race.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/25/kris-kobachs-claim-that-there-is-now-proof-of-voter-fraud-in-new-hampshire/
---
