content/claim/trump-didnt-know-steve-bannon.md, before:

---
title: Trump Didn't Know Steve Bannon Until Late in His Campaign
summary: They Met in 2011
checks:
  - checker: new-york-times
    short: They Met in 2011
    quote:
      David Bossie, a conservative activist who worked with Mr. Bannon
      on a series of films, made the introduction. “They definitely
      hit it off,” Mr. Bossie told Scott Shane of The New York Times
      in November.

      Mr. Bannon joked in August 2015 that he was Mr. Trump’s hidden
      “campaign manager,” and he hosted Mr. Trump on his radio show in
      November 2015.

      “I have known Steve and Kellyanne both for many years,”
      Mr. Trump said in an August 2016 statement announcing Mr. Bannon
      as his campaign’s chief executive and Kellyanne Conway as his
      campaign manager. “They are extremely capable, highly qualified
      people who love to win and know how to win.”
    url: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/12/us/politics/trump-steven-bannon-fox-business-news-interview.html
---

Commit message:

Working on PolitiFact's list of "pants on fire" Trump claims.
Still a long way to go…

content/claim/trump-didnt-know-steve-bannon.md, after:

---
title: Trump Didn't Know Steve Bannon Until Late in His Campaign
summary: They Met in 2011
checks:
  - checker: new-york-times
    short: They Met in 2011
    quote:
      David Bossie, a conservative activist who worked with Mr. Bannon
      on a series of films, made the introduction. “They definitely
      hit it off,” Mr. Bossie told Scott Shane of The New York Times
      in November.

      Mr. Bannon joked in August 2015 that he was Mr. Trump’s hidden
      “campaign manager,” and he hosted Mr. Trump on his radio show in
      November 2015.

      “I have known Steve and Kellyanne both for many years,”
      Mr. Trump said in an August 2016 statement announcing Mr. Bannon
      as his campaign’s chief executive and Kellyanne Conway as his
      campaign manager. “They are extremely capable, highly qualified
      people who love to win and know how to win.”
    url: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/12/us/politics/trump-steven-bannon-fox-business-news-interview.html
  - checker: politifact
    short: That’s contradicted by Trump’s own words and independent reporting.
    source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/apr/12/donald-trump/did-he-or-didnt-he-trump-contradicts-himself-wheth/
---
