---
title: LieDB
---

LieDB is a non-partisan, collaboratively edited site to track
politician's lies.  We don't do any fact-checking ourselves, but
instead provide links to trusted third-parties who have verified
claims to be false.

While anyone is free to submit new material, but this site is not a
wiki.  Contributions are checked before they are posted, and all
sources must be credible.

Political party doesn't matter, and there are no geographical or
notability restrictions.  The only restriction is that the person must
be political figure.  Examples of political figures include:

 * Politicians
 * Political staffers in public-facing roles such as press secretaries
 * Pundits & talking heads

### What Makes LieDB Different

#### Focus on Linking Data

Most fact-checking sites will publish an article, then forget about
it.  If a politician makes the same claim again, or a different
politician repeats the claim, they may or may not publish a new
article.

LieDB, on the other hand, is designed to evolve as new information
becomes available.  When a claim is repeated (by anyone), that
information is added to the database, and there are bi-directional
links between the false claims and those who make them.

#### Collaboratively Edited

LieDB attempts to actively engage with the community wherever
possible.  People are encouraged to submit new information and help
with maintenance.

#### Machine-Readable Data

The data behind LieDB is all machine-readable and publicly available,
meaning anyone is free to develop their own tools to visualize,
analyze, and transform the data.  Adding information to LieDB benefits
anyone using the data, not just LieDB itself.

### Want to Help?

If you're interested in helping improve LieDB (there is a *lot* to
do!), head over to the [GitHub
project](https://github.com/liedb/liedb).

We need objective people to find false claims, sources, and relevant
fact-checking articles.  This may be difficult to believe, but it
turns out politicians lie quite a bit, and there is a lot of data to
go through.  If you don't know how to add the data yourself you can
just file an issue with the relevant information and we'll add it as
soon as possible.

On the technical side of things, as you can probably tell by looking
at the site, we could really use a good designer, and maybe a good
front-end developer to work with them.  A data visualization expert
could also find plenty of opportunities as well.
