content/faq.md, before:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
---

### What is the relationship between themes, claims, and assertions?

Assertions are specific instances of a person making a claim (i.e., a
single quote). Claims are what assertions state. Themes are collections
of claims which form a broader narrative.

For example, let's consider the "birther" movement. The theme is that
Barack Obama was not born in the United States (and therefore not
eligable to be President). There are several claims which contribute to
this theme, such as that Obama's grandmother said he was born in Kenya,
or his birth certificate is a forgery, or his college transcript says
he is an Indonesian citizen. Each time one of those claims was made is
an assertion.

### Who is eligible to be on Factopolis?

Any political figure, at any level.  Anyone from a local school board
representative's spokesperson to the President.

Note that this isn't restricted to the United States, though
Factopolis itself is currently English-only.

### Why does Factopolis contain a disproportionate quantity of Donald Trump's claims?

 * Our initial data source was The New York Times' ["Trump's
   Lies"](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html)
   article. This was a convenient way to get a lot of data, which was
   vital for developing and proving the concepts behind Factopolis.
 * Donald Trump is the President of the United States of America, so
   fact checkers are more likely to pay attention to his comments.

Beyond that, we don't want to make any assumptions. Factopolis is very
new, and our belief is that anomalies in the data will stablize over
time. Once a sufficient amount of time has passed Factopolis' only
bias should be in favor of the truth.

Please alse keep in mind that Factopolis is community-edited, which
means you're free to add information about other people, so long as
the content meets our quality threshold.

### Why doesn't Factopolis include _____'s claim that _____?

Assuming such content would been our quality requirements, because you
haven't added it yet!

Factopolis is created and maintained by volunteers who have a finite
amount of time. If you feel something is missing, we would *love* for
you to [help](/contributing) fill in the gaps.

### Is Factopolis a liberal/conservative conspiracy to discredit ____?

No. We try to be as fair as possible, we conduct as much discourse as
possible in public channels (such as our issue tracker and chat
room), and we invite all constructive participation.

Commit message:

SOme improvements related to themes.

content/faq.md, after:

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
---

### What is the relationship between themes, claims, and assertions?

Assertions are specific instances of a person making a claim (i.e., a
single quote). Claims are what assertions state. Themes are collections
of claims which form a broader narrative.

For example, let's consider the "birther" movement. The theme is that
Barack Obama was not born in the United States (and therefore not
eligable to be President). There are several claims which contribute to
this theme, such as that Obama's grandmother said he was born in Kenya,
or his birth certificate is a forgery, or his college transcript says
he is an Indonesian citizen. Each time one of those claims was made is
an assertion.

While all claims which make it onto Factopolis are currently, at least
to some degree, false, no judgements are about themes. It's entirely
possible to offer false evidence in support of something which is true.

### Who is eligible to be on Factopolis?

Any political figure, at any level. Anyone from a local school board
representative's spokesperson to the President. Pundits are alse fair
game.

Celebrities are acceptable as long as the content is political in
nature.

Note that this isn't restricted to the United States, though Factopolis
itself is currently English-only. If you're interested in helping
launch a version of the site in another language, possibly focused on
another country, please contact us.

### Why does Factopolis contain a disproportionate quantity of Donald Trump's claims?

 * Our initial data source was The New York Times' ["Trump's
   Lies"](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html)
   article. This was a convenient way to get a lot of data, which was
   vital for developing and proving the concepts behind Factopolis.
 * Donald Trump is the President of the United States of America, so
   fact checkers are more likely to pay attention to his comments.

Beyond that, we don't want to make any assumptions. Factopolis is very
new, and our belief is that anomalies in the data will stablize over
time. Once a sufficient amount of time has passed Factopolis' only
bias should be in favor of the truth.

Please alse keep in mind that Factopolis is community-edited, which
means you're free to add information about other people, so long as
the content meets our quality threshold.

### Why doesn't Factopolis include _____'s claim that _____?

Assuming such content would been our quality requirements, because you
haven't added it yet!

Factopolis is created and maintained by volunteers who have a finite
amount of time. If you feel something is missing, we would *love* for
you to [help](/contributing) fill in the gaps.

### Is Factopolis a liberal/conservative conspiracy to discredit ____?

No. We try to be as fair as possible, we conduct as much discourse as
possible in public channels (such as our issue tracker and chat
room), and we invite all constructive participation.
