content/person/paul-ryan/2017-08-21.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-21

claims:
- dozens-of-counties-will-have-no-obamacare-insurers-in-2018

quote:
  Obamacare is not working. You just described your premium increases, your deductible increases. A third of the counties in Wisconsin are down to one insurer right here. We've got dozens of counties around America that have zero insurers left.
where: town hall in Racine, WI
sources:
- type: video
  source: https://Archive.org/details/CNNW_20170822_050000_CNN_Town_Hall_House_Speaker_Paul_Ryan/start/3612/end/3624
  url: https://Archive.org/download/CNNW_20170822_050000_CNN_Town_Hall_House_Speaker_Paul_Ryan/CNNW_20170822_050000_CNN_Town_Hall_House_Speaker_Paul_Ryan.mp4?t=3612/3624&exact=1&ignore=x.mp4
- type: youtube
  id: ufL3iJMXzi8
  start: 1633
  duration: 12
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.CNN.com/TRANSCRIPTS/1708/21/se.01.html

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/24/paul-ryan/ryan-way-obamacare-county-insurance-stat-cnn-town-/
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/paul-ryan/2017-08-21.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-21

claims:
- dozens-of-counties-will-have-no-obamacare-insurers-in-2018

quote:
  Obamacare is not working. You just described your premium increases, your deductible increases. A third of the counties in Wisconsin are down to one insurer right here. We've got dozens of counties around America that have zero insurers left.
where: town hall in Racine, WI
sources:
- type: video
  source: https://Archive.org/details/CNNW_20170822_050000_CNN_Town_Hall_House_Speaker_Paul_Ryan/start/3612/end/3624
  url: https://Archive.org/download/CNNW_20170822_050000_CNN_Town_Hall_House_Speaker_Paul_Ryan/CNNW_20170822_050000_CNN_Town_Hall_House_Speaker_Paul_Ryan.mp4?t=3612/3624&exact=1&ignore=x.mp4
- type: youtube
  id: ufL3iJMXzi8
  start: 1633
  duration: 12
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.CNN.com/TRANSCRIPTS/1708/21/se.01.html

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  quote:
    Ryan said dozens of counties have no insurers left on the Obamacare exchanges. The day he said that, there was only one such county. Less than a week before he said that, there were two counties. His office acknowledged that he misspoke.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/24/paul-ryan/ryan-way-obamacare-county-insurance-stat-cnn-town-/
---
