content/person/donald-trump/2016-10-24-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2016-10-24

claims:
- hrc-gave-almost-700k-to-wife-of-fbi-agent-investigating-her

quote:
  It was just learned that one of the closest people to Hillary
  Clinton, with long-standing ties to her husband and herself gave more
  — this just came out — gave more than $675,000 to the campaign of the
  spouse — the wife — of the top FBI official who helped oversee the
  investigation into Mrs. Clinton's illegal email server. So the man
  that was investigating her from the FBI, his wife runs for office and
  they give her more than $675,000 to run.
where: rally in St. Augustine, FL
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: RCVGsJJ6I_0
  start: 470
  duration: 77

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/10/25/trumps-mixed-up-version-of-the-latest-hillary-clinton-controversy/
- checker: cnn
  source: http://www.CNN.com/2016/10/25/politics/reality-check-hillary-clinton-fbi-investigation/index.html
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/donald-trump/2016-10-24-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2016-10-24

claims:
- hrc-gave-almost-700k-to-wife-of-fbi-agent-investigating-her

quote:
  It was just learned that one of the closest people to Hillary
  Clinton, with long-standing ties to her husband and herself gave more
  — this just came out — gave more than $675,000 to the campaign of the
  spouse — the wife — of the top FBI official who helped oversee the
  investigation into Mrs. Clinton's illegal email server. So the man
  that was investigating her from the FBI, his wife runs for office and
  they give her more than $675,000 to run.
where: rally in St. Augustine, FL
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: RCVGsJJ6I_0
  start: 470
  duration: 77

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  quote:
    By getting the timeline wrong and exaggerating the connections, Trump ends up in Three-Pinocchio range. But then, as he often does, Trump pushes the envelope and makes the unsupported claim that Clinton knew about the payments. It’s almost like he can’t help himself. That tips his statement about the Wall Street Journal article into Four-Pinocchio territory.
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/10/25/trumps-mixed-up-version-of-the-latest-hillary-clinton-controversy/
- checker: cnn
  quote:
    But for Trump's suggestion of a conspiracy to be true, McAuliffe and the Clintons would have had to hatch the scheme to buy favor with the FBI via Andrew McCabe by convincing his wife to run for office some five months before it was [first reported](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/fbi-looks-into-security-of-clintons-private-e-mail-setup/2015/08/04/2bdd85ec-3aae-11e5-8e98-115a3cf7d7ae_story.html?postshare=2371438737933018) that the FBI was investigating whether Clinton mishandled classified information. Nor would it be known that such an investigation would be conducted out of Washington, not New York, since that was where the offending server was located.
  source: http://www.CNN.com/2016/10/25/politics/reality-check-hillary-clinton-fbi-investigation/index.html
---
