content/person/donald-trump/2016-02-19.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2016-02-19

claims:
- gen-pershing-stopped-islamic-terrorism-for-decades
- gen-pershing-executed-terrorists-with-bullets-dipped-in-pigs-blood

quote:
  "They were having terrorism problems, just like we do, And he caught
  50 terrorists who did tremendous damage and killed many people. And
  he took the 50 terrorists, and he took 50 men and he dipped 50
  bullets in pigs’ blood — you heard that, right? He took 50 bullets,
  and he dipped them in pigs’ blood. And he had his men load his
  rifles, and he lined up the 50 people, and they shot 49 of those
  people. And the 50th person, he said: You go back to your people,
  and you tell them what happened. And for 25 years, there wasn’t a
  problem. Okay? Twenty-five years, there wasn’t a problem."
where: rally in Charlston, SC
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: cpgu8HFBsuc
  start: 2023
checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/feb/23/donald-trump/donald-trump-cites-dubious-legend-about-gen-pershi/
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/donald-trump/2016-02-19.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2016-02-19

claims:
- gen-pershing-stopped-islamic-terrorism-for-decades
- gen-pershing-executed-terrorists-with-bullets-dipped-in-pigs-blood

quote:
  "They were having terrorism problems, just like we do, And he caught
  50 terrorists who did tremendous damage and killed many people. And
  he took the 50 terrorists, and he took 50 men and he dipped 50
  bullets in pigs’ blood — you heard that, right? He took 50 bullets,
  and he dipped them in pigs’ blood. And he had his men load his
  rifles, and he lined up the 50 people, and they shot 49 of those
  people. And the 50th person, he said: You go back to your people,
  and you tell them what happened. And for 25 years, there wasn’t a
  problem. Okay? Twenty-five years, there wasn’t a problem."
where: rally in Charlston, SC
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: cpgu8HFBsuc
  start: 2023
checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  quote:
    Of the eight historians we checked with, all were at least skeptical that what Trump said actually happened, and some expressed disbelief even more forcefully than that. The only evidence of something approximating what Trump said stems from one letter documenting a different scenario written by a veteran more than a half century after the fact.


    Perhaps more important, the historians took issue with Trump’s suggestion that the tactic -- if it was even used at all -- actually worked to end tensions, noting that unrest persisted for years. In all, Trump’s claim is ridiculous, so we rate it Pants on Fire.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/feb/23/donald-trump/donald-trump-cites-dubious-legend-about-gen-pershi/
---
