content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-15.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-15

claims:
- charlottesville-counterprotesters-didnt-have-a-permit

quote:
  "The following day it looked like they had some rough, bad people:
  neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call them. But
  you had a lot of people in that group that were there to innocently
  protest — and very legally protest, because you know- I don't know if
  you know, they had a permit. The other group didn't have a permit."
where: press conference on Charlottesville
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: QGKbFA7HW-U
  start: 761
  duration: 21
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.CNBC.com/2017/08/15/read-the-transcript-of-donald-trumps-jaw-dropping-press-conference.html

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/16/president-trumps-false-claim-that-counter-demonstrators-lacked-a-permit/
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/17/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-charlottesville-counter-protest/
- checker: snopes
  rating: "false"
  source: http://www.snopes.com/counter-demonstrators-permits-charlottesville/
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-15.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-15

claims:
- charlottesville-counterprotesters-didnt-have-a-permit

quote:
  "The following day it looked like they had some rough, bad people:
  neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call them. But
  you had a lot of people in that group that were there to innocently
  protest — and very legally protest, because you know- I don't know if
  you know, they had a permit. The other group didn't have a permit."
where: press conference on Charlottesville
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: QGKbFA7HW-U
  start: 761
  duration: 21
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.CNBC.com/2017/08/15/read-the-transcript-of-donald-trumps-jaw-dropping-press-conference.html

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  quote:
    But they did have permits for rallies on Saturday — and they did not need one to go into or gather near Emancipation Park, where white nationalists scheduled their rally. No permits were needed to march on the U-Va. campus on Friday night.
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/16/president-trumps-false-claim-that-counter-demonstrators-lacked-a-permit/
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  quote:
    In reality, both the Unite the Right marchers and the counter-protesters had official permission to assemble on Saturday, either from a court or from the city.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/17/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-charlottesville-counter-protest/
- checker: snopes
  rating: "false"
  quote:
    Technically, counter-protesters were the only ones who had a city permit for 12 August 2017 events. For the UVA “alt-right” rally the night before, no permits were needed and it was a judge’s injunction on the night of 11 August 2017 that allowed the “Unite the Right” rally to be held the next day at Emancipation Park.
  source: http://www.snopes.com/counter-demonstrators-permits-charlottesville/
---
