content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-08.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-10

claims:
- corker-behind-iran-deal

quote:
  He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 917029060471152640

checks:
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, had no role in crafting the 2015 international agreement forged by the U.S. and other world powers to constrain Iran's ability to build a nuclear arsenal. Corker was a vocal opponent of the accord and argued President Barack Obama should have made the seven-nation pact a treaty subject to approval by the Senate.
  source: https://apnews.com/f805c26f59184f2781e33793aa817346/AP-FACT-CHECK:-WH-wrong-in-saying-Corker-behind-Iran-deal
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    "But it is a misleading charge: Mr. Corker, who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, repeatedly spoke out against the accord to limit Tehran’s nuclear program before it was brokered by world powers in 2015."
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/10/us/politics/trump-corker-iran-deal.html
---

Commit message:

Add FactCheck.org on Trump's claim about Corker being behind Iran deal.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-08.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-10

claims:
- corker-behind-iran-deal

quote:
  He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 917029060471152640

checks:
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Corker, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, had no role in crafting the 2015 international agreement forged by the U.S. and other world powers to constrain Iran's ability to build a nuclear arsenal. Corker was a vocal opponent of the accord and argued President Barack Obama should have made the seven-nation pact a treaty subject to approval by the Senate.
  source: https://apnews.com/f805c26f59184f2781e33793aa817346/AP-FACT-CHECK:-WH-wrong-in-saying-Corker-behind-Iran-deal
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    "But it is a misleading charge: Mr. Corker, who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, repeatedly spoke out against the accord to limit Tehran’s nuclear program before it was brokered by world powers in 2015."
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/10/us/politics/trump-corker-iran-deal.html
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: misleading
  sharethefacts: 22df-2683-4186-9da1-a9687a23d7bb
  quote:
    Without knowing the political background, some might misread Trump's tweets to mean that Corker helped negotiate the Iran nuclear deal, or that he cast a deciding vote in its favor. He did not. Corker opposed the deal reached by the Obama administration. And he voted to kill it.


    Corker's bill allowed Congress to debate the deal, and if Congress had a veto-proof majority, it would have allowed Congress to kill the deal. Ultimately, Congress didn’t have the votes to pull that off.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/trump-misleads-corker/
---
