content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-09.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-09

claims:
- trump-modernized-us-nuclear-arsenal

quote:
  My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear
  arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before…
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 895252459152711680

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/09/trumps-claim-that-u-s-nuclear-arsenal-is-now-far-stronger-and-more-powerful/
- checker: nbc
  source: http://www.NBCNews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-no-trump-did-not-modernize-u-s-nukes-n791286
- checker: cbs
  source: http://www.CBSNews.com/news/trump-takes-credit-for-nuclear-arsenal-that-was-largely-modernized-by-obama-administration/
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: distorts-the-facts
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/08/trump-misfires-nuclear-weapons-boast/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/09/donald-trump/under-donald-trump-us-nuclear-arsenal-far-stronger/
- checker: ap
  source: https://www.APNews.com/3cf3bb9d934e4e178085d2f2663abab7/AP-FACT-CHECK:-Trump's-unjustified-boast-about-US-nuke-power
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-09.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-09

claims:
- trump-modernized-us-nuclear-arsenal

quote:
  My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear
  arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before…
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 895252459152711680

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  short: In a word, no.
  quote:
    Trump indeed gave an order to launch an NPR, but that is standard procedure for a new administration. But he’s kidding himself — or misleading Americans — that much has changed in the nuclear arsenal since he took office in January.
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/09/trumps-claim-that-u-s-nuclear-arsenal-is-now-far-stronger-and-more-powerful/
- checker: nbc
  quote:
    Trump ordered a rebuilding of the American military and assessing its readiness on January 27th, a week into office. In that order, Trump called for a "Nuclear Posture Review," an analysis designed to help the new administration understand its existing arsenal and how it meets strategic needs.


    Neither have any direct effect on the nuclear arsenal that the nation has today.
  source: http://www.NBCNews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-no-trump-did-not-modernize-u-s-nukes-n791286
- checker: cbs
  quote:
    Mr. Trump did order a review of U.S. nuclear posture and strategy early in his presidency, but that's different from modernization and bringing old systems up to usable standards.
  source: http://www.CBSNews.com/news/trump-takes-credit-for-nuclear-arsenal-that-was-largely-modernized-by-obama-administration/
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: distorts-the-facts
  quote:
    It’s true that Trump [directed](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/presidential-memorandum-rebuilding-us-armed-forces) his secretary of defense to initiate a Nuclear Posture Review. But that review was not his “first order”; it was not unexpected; and it won’t be done until [the end of the year](https://www.defense.gov/News/News-Releases/News-Release-View/Article/1153992/dod-announces-commencement-of-the-nuclear-posture-review/), so it has yet to result in any improvements.
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/08/trump-misfires-nuclear-weapons-boast/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  quote:
    What Trump did shortly after taking office was neither his first order nor a unique action; every new president in recent years has requested a Nuclear Posture Review. In addition, the ongoing nuclear modernization plan — which dates back to the Obama administration and will take decades to complete — would not have notched achievements in six months sufficient to be characterized as "far stronger and more powerful than ever before."
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/09/donald-trump/under-donald-trump-us-nuclear-arsenal-far-stronger/
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Trump did order a new review of the U.S. nuclear posture, in an executive order in January. The order said the review should ensure America’s nuclear deterrent is robust, ready and tailored to address 21st century threats.


    But the review isn’t complete. There have been no significant changes in America’s nuclear power as a result.
  source: https://www.APNews.com/3cf3bb9d934e4e178085d2f2663abab7/AP-FACT-CHECK:-Trump's-unjustified-boast-about-US-nuke-power
---
