content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-30-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-30

claims:
- us-highest-business-tax-rate

quote:
  "Today, we are still taxing our businesses at 35 percent, and it’s way more than that. And think of it: In some cases, way above 40 percent when you include state and local taxes, in various states. The United States is now behind France, behind Germany, behind Canada, Ireland, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and many other nations…


  So when it comes to the business tax, we are dead last. Can you believe that? So this cannot be allowed to continue any longer. America must lead the way, not follow from behind."
where: tax reform kickoff event
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: sInvQ7xIN7E
  start: 1286
  duration: 101
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/08/30/remarks-president-trump-tax-reform-springfield-mo

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: spins-the-facts
  sharethefacts: b7d17485-02b6-4bb2-900a-b5a71618f494
  quote:
    The federal statutory corporate tax rate in the U.S. is 35 percent, as Trump said, and that figure jumps to about 39 percent when state taxes are added in. That is highest among the 35 advanced economies tracked by the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development. The next highest is France at 34.4 percent.


    But that’s just one way to measure corporate tax burdens. In 2014, a Congressional Research Service report found that the average effective corporate tax rate in 2008 was 27.1 percent, which tracks pretty closely to the GDP weighted average among other OECD countries, 27.7 percent.
  short:
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/08/factchecking-trumps-tax-speech/
---

Commit message:

Add Vox's check on the highest tax rate thing.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-30-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-30

claims:
- us-highest-business-tax-rate

quote:
  "Today, we are still taxing our businesses at 35 percent, and it’s way more than that. And think of it: In some cases, way above 40 percent when you include state and local taxes, in various states. The United States is now behind France, behind Germany, behind Canada, Ireland, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, and many other nations…


  So when it comes to the business tax, we are dead last. Can you believe that? So this cannot be allowed to continue any longer. America must lead the way, not follow from behind."
where: tax reform kickoff event
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: sInvQ7xIN7E
  start: 1286
  duration: 101
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/08/30/remarks-president-trump-tax-reform-springfield-mo

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: spins-the-facts
  sharethefacts: b7d17485-02b6-4bb2-900a-b5a71618f494
  quote:
    The federal statutory corporate tax rate in the U.S. is 35 percent, as Trump said, and that figure jumps to about 39 percent when state taxes are added in. That is highest among the 35 advanced economies tracked by the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development. The next highest is France at 34.4 percent.


    But that’s just one way to measure corporate tax burdens. In 2014, a Congressional Research Service report found that the average effective corporate tax rate in 2008 was 27.1 percent, which tracks pretty closely to the GDP weighted average among other OECD countries, 27.7 percent.
  short:
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/08/factchecking-trumps-tax-speech/
- checker: vox
  short: But that’s inaccurate on a number of levels.
  quote:
    According to a 2017 [Congressional Budget Office report](https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52419), the US's *effective* corporate tax rate — the rate that factors in these loopholes — clocks in at 18.6 percent. That's lower than in Japan (21.7 percent) and the UK (18.7 percent) and only a few percentage points higher than Germany (15.5 percent).
  source: https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/31/16228766/trump-us-corporate-business-tax-reform-world?utm_content=buffere7a94&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer
---
