content/person/donald-trump/2017-07-17.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-07-17

claims:
- trump-signed-more-bills-than-any-other-recent-president

quote:
  We’ve signed more bills -- and I’m talking about through the
  legislature -- than any President ever.  For a while, Harry Truman
  had us, and now I think we have everybody, Mike.
where: Made in America product showcase
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: 4u7qMTSerJY
  start: 399
  duration: 12
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/17/remarks-president-trump-made-america-product-showcase

checks:
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    In fact, as he approaches six months in office on Thursday, Mr. Trump is slightly behind the lawmaking pace for the past six presidents, who as a group signed an average of 43 bills during the same period. And an analysis of the bills Mr. Trump signed shows that about half were minor and inconsequential, passed by Congress with little debate. Among recent presidents, both the total number of bills he signed and the legislation’s substance make Mr. Trump about average.
  source: https://www.NYTimes.com/2017/07/17/us/politics/trump-laws-bills.html
- checker: washington-post
  sharethefacts: 1f2742e7-c6b1-4c69-8f8e-af3325313809
  quote:
    Trump has signed 42 bills so far in his first term. According to [data compiled by GovTrack](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/statistics), as of July 17, Jimmy Carter had signed 70 bills, George H.W. Bush had signed 55, and Bill Clinton had signed 50.
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/07/17/no-president-trump-youve-havent-signed-more-bills-than-any-president/
---

Commit message:

Add a PolitiFact check to an existing statement.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-07-17.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-07-17

claims:
- trump-signed-more-bills-than-any-other-recent-president

quote:
  We've signed more bills -- and I’m talking about through the legislature -- than any President ever.  For a while, Harry Truman had us, and now I think we have everybody, Mike.
where: Made in America product showcase
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: 4u7qMTSerJY
  start: 399
  duration: 12
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/17/remarks-president-trump-made-america-product-showcase

checks:
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    In fact, as he approaches six months in office on Thursday, Mr. Trump is slightly behind the lawmaking pace for the past six presidents, who as a group signed an average of 43 bills during the same period. And an analysis of the bills Mr. Trump signed shows that about half were minor and inconsequential, passed by Congress with little debate. Among recent presidents, both the total number of bills he signed and the legislation’s substance make Mr. Trump about average.
  source: https://www.NYTimes.com/2017/07/17/us/politics/trump-laws-bills.html
- checker: washington-post
  sharethefacts: 1f2742e7-c6b1-4c69-8f8e-af3325313809
  quote:
    Trump has signed 42 bills so far in his first term. According to [data compiled by GovTrack](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/statistics), as of July 17, Jimmy Carter had signed 70 bills, George H.W. Bush had signed 55, and Bill Clinton had signed 50.
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/07/17/no-president-trump-youve-havent-signed-more-bills-than-any-president/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: 891fe817-b641-4afb-8dbb-86a8d6875a45
  quote:
    The 42 bills he had signed into law through 178 days in office trails the number signed by at least six other presidents at that point in their presidencies.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2017/jul/20/donald-trump/donald-trump-not-close-claiming-he-has-signed-more/
---
