content/person/donald-trump/2017-11-07.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-11-07

claims:
- chicago-has-most-strict-gun-control-laws-in-us

quote:
  I mean, you look at the city with the strongest gun laws in our nation, is Chicago, and Chicago is a disaster. It's a total disaster. Just remember, if this man didn’t have a gun or rifle, you'd be talking about a much worse situation in the great state of Texas.
where: joint press conference with ROK President Moon
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: PyILfcOVsG8
  start: 1367
  duration: 22
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/11/07/remarks-president-trump-and-president-moon-republic-korea-joint-press

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  sharethefacts: 874f00d7-eadc-406e-bbd2-0f01bf15fca1
  quote:
    The statement is years out of date. After a Supreme Court ruling, Chicago residents can own handguns and carry them unseen on the streets. A national gun control group puts seven states above Illinois in regulating gun ownership.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/nov/07/donald-trump/trump-wrongly-repeats-chicago-has-strongest-gun-la/
---

Commit message:

Add FactCheck.org check to existing statement.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-11-07.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-11-07

claims:
- chicago-has-most-strict-gun-control-laws-in-us

quote:
  I mean, you look at the city with the strongest gun laws in our nation, is Chicago, and Chicago is a disaster. It's a total disaster. Just remember, if this man didn’t have a gun or rifle, you'd be talking about a much worse situation in the great state of Texas.
where: joint press conference with ROK President Moon
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: PyILfcOVsG8
  start: 1367
  duration: 22
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/11/07/remarks-president-trump-and-president-moon-republic-korea-joint-press

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  sharethefacts: 874f00d7-eadc-406e-bbd2-0f01bf15fca1
  quote:
    The statement is years out of date. After a Supreme Court ruling, Chicago residents can own handguns and carry them unseen on the streets. A national gun control group puts seven states above Illinois in regulating gun ownership.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/nov/07/donald-trump/trump-wrongly-repeats-chicago-has-strongest-gun-la/
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: distorts-the-facts
  sharethefacts: ac4826c7-958b-4860-b256-4bb3810e8028
  quote:
    Chicago *used* to have what some considered to be the toughest gun laws in the country. But not anymore.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/11/trump-recycles-flawed-gun-talking-point/
---
