content/person/donald-trump/2017-01-11.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-01-11

claims:
- only-reporters-care-about-trumps-tax-returns

quote:
  You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the
  reporters, OK?
where: press conference
sources:
- type: video
  duration: 4
  url: https://ia801901.us.archive.org/19/items/CNNW_20170111_160000_At_This_Hour_With_Berman_and_Bolduan/CNNW_20170111_160000_At_This_Hour_With_Berman_and_Bolduan.mp4?start=2270&end=2280&exact=1&ignore=x.mp4
  source: https://Archive.org/details/CNNW_20170111_160000_At_This_Hour_With_Berman_and_Bolduan/start/2270/end/2280
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.CNBC.com/2017/01/11/transcript-of-president-elect-donald-j-trumps-news-conference.html

checks:
- checker: cnn
  quote: Trump's comment are directly contradicted by most major public polls on the issue.
  source: http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/11/politics/trump-tax-returns-answer-news-conference/index.html
- checker: politifact
  sharethefacts: 9c5fd034-a5d4-4f80-96a0-0cedc9ee06ac
  short:
    Polling data consistently shows that overall, a majority of Americans want to know what’s in Trump’s tax records.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/11/donald-trump/trump-wrong-reporters-are-only-ones-who-care-about/
---

Commit message:

Add partial for Archive.org

content/person/donald-trump/2017-01-11.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-01-11

claims:
- only-reporters-care-about-trumps-tax-returns

quote:
  You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the
  reporters, OK?
where: press conference
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: CNNW_20170111_160000_At_This_Hour_With_Berman_and_Bolduan
  start: 2270
  duration: 4
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.CNBC.com/2017/01/11/transcript-of-president-elect-donald-j-trumps-news-conference.html

checks:
- checker: cnn
  quote: Trump's comment are directly contradicted by most major public polls on the issue.
  source: http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/11/politics/trump-tax-returns-answer-news-conference/index.html
- checker: politifact
  sharethefacts: 9c5fd034-a5d4-4f80-96a0-0cedc9ee06ac
  short:
    Polling data consistently shows that overall, a majority of Americans want to know what’s in Trump’s tax records.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/11/donald-trump/trump-wrong-reporters-are-only-ones-who-care-about/
---
