content/person/donald-trump/2017-11-01-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-11-01

claims:
- schumer-responsible-for-diversity-visa-lottery

quote:
  The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 925684982307348480

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: b5179cbe-41a9-4cda-8b4c-74b7de3a4805
  quote:
    The bill was signed by a Republican president, and the final version of the legislation received majority Republican support in both chambers of Congress, In fact, McConnell and several other Republicans still in office voted for the bill. Moreover, Trump’s tweet ignores that Schumer, just four years ago, worked to pass a bill that would have ended the lottery, but it died due to Republican opposition in the House.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/nov/01/donald-trump/was-diversity-visa-program-schumer-beauty-donald-t/
---

Commit message:

Add AP and FactCheck.org checks for diversity lottery thing.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-11-01-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-11-01

claims:
- schumer-responsible-for-diversity-visa-lottery

quote:
  The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program," a Chuck Schumer beauty. I want merit based.
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 925684982307348480

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: b5179cbe-41a9-4cda-8b4c-74b7de3a4805
  quote:
    The bill was signed by a Republican president, and the final version of the legislation received majority Republican support in both chambers of Congress, In fact, McConnell and several other Republicans still in office voted for the bill. Moreover, Trump’s tweet ignores that Schumer, just four years ago, worked to pass a bill that would have ended the lottery, but it died due to Republican opposition in the House.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/nov/01/donald-trump/was-diversity-visa-program-schumer-beauty-donald-t/
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Schumer, then in the House, now a senator, did back the lottery program. It had bipartisan support in an era when legal immigration was less contentious. He also proposed eliminating it three years ago, colleagues say.
  source: https://apnews.com/bc6a2c36dd8d492980d7e95bbbee35ae
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: not-the-whole-story
  sharethefacts: d5d85593-a4cf-44cb-9bfa-92d8ad300732
  quote:
    The bill -- which had 32 co-sponsors, including Schumer and seven Republicans -- passed the House [231-192](http://clerk.house.gov/evs/1990/roll406.xml) with a majority of Democrats voting for it, and a majority of Republicans against it.


    ...


    So it can rightly be said that Schumer had a hand in creating the diversity visa program. But it’s also the case that Schumer was part of the bipartisan Gang of Eight that in 2013 proposed a sweeping immigration overhaul that would have repealed the diversity visa program ([see Sec. 2303](https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/senate-bill/744)).
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/11/schumer-diversity-visa-lottery/
---
