content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-27-4.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-27

claims:
- estate-tax-strongly-affects-farmers

quote:
  The farmers, in particular, are affected. They have wonderful farms, but they can’t pay the tax, so they have to sell the farm.
where: speech on tax reform
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: 6Xk1t9HEEwU
  start: 1150
  duration: 8
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/27/remarks-president-trump-tax-reform-event

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: repeats-rural-myth
  quote:
    A [study published last year and updated in March by the Economic Research Service](https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/farm-economy/federal-tax-issues/federal-estate-taxes/) of the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated that 38,328 farms would become part of estates in 2016, of which only 0.42 percent — 161 estates — would owe any estate tax at all.


    Separate research by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center [puts the number even lower](http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/sites/default/files/briefing-book/briefing_book_-_chapter_4.pdf). TPC estimates that only 50 farms and closely held businesses will pay any estate tax in 2017.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/death-tax-talking-point-wont-die/
---

Commit message:

Add AP check for the estate tax thing from Trump's speech yesterday.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-27-4.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-27

claims:
- estate-tax-strongly-affects-farmers

quote:
  The farmers, in particular, are affected. They have wonderful farms, but they can’t pay the tax, so they have to sell the farm.
where: speech on tax reform
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: 6Xk1t9HEEwU
  start: 1150
  duration: 8
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/27/remarks-president-trump-tax-reform-event

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: repeats-rural-myth
  sharethefacts: 488699d5-262d-4a95-9dbb-de9caf8eb751
  quote:
    A [study published last year and updated in March by the Economic Research Service](https://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/farm-economy/federal-tax-issues/federal-estate-taxes/) of the U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated that 38,328 farms would become part of estates in 2016, of which only 0.42 percent — 161 estates — would owe any estate tax at all.


    Separate research by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center [puts the number even lower](http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/sites/default/files/briefing-book/briefing_book_-_chapter_4.pdf). TPC estimates that only 50 farms and closely held businesses will pay any estate tax in 2017.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/death-tax-talking-point-wont-die/
- checker: ap
  quote:
    That assertion appears to be at odds with statistics. Only 1.7 percent of family-farm estates were required to file an estate-tax return in 2016 and only 0.4 percent ended up owing the tax, according to an analysis by the Agriculture Department. Overall, the very rich are affected in particular.
  source: https://apnews.com/25d8ac3a80c446c29d82f861be97b872/AP-FACT-CHECK:-Trump's-tax-plan-is-what-you-make-of-it
---
