content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-20-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-20

claims:
- rise-in-uk-crime-rate-linked-to-islamic-terrorism

quote:
  "Just out report: \"United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror.\" Not good, we must keep America safe!"
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 921323063945453574

checks:
- checker: guardian
  quote:
    What do the statisticians say about what lies behind this accelerating increase in crime in England and Wales? "The 13% increase in police recorded crime from the previous year reflects a range of factors including continuing improvements to crime recording and genuine increases in some crime categories, especially in those that are well-recorded," say the UK’s Office for National Statistics.


    So the increasing pace of terror attacks in England this year is not the cause? No, the ONS does not say that the attacks, let alone radical Islam, are among the causes of rising crime.
  source: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/oct/20/donald-trump-blame-terrorism-rising-uk-crime-figures
- checker: the-hill
  quote:
    The study that Trump cited does not show a link between the rise in crime and terrorism, noting that out of the 664 homicides recorded, only 35 were a result of terror attacks. U.K. officials [said](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/356343-trump-calls-to-keep-america-safe-citing-rising-uk-crime-rate) that the rise was likely because of better crime reporting.
  source: http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/356365-winston-churchills-grandson-calls-trump-a-daft-twerp
---

Commit message:

Add AP check for Trump's UK terrorism/crime rate statement.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-20-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-20

claims:
- rise-in-uk-crime-rate-linked-to-islamic-terrorism

quote:
  "Just out report: \"United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror.\" Not good, we must keep America safe!"
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: 921323063945453574

checks:
- checker: guardian
  quote:
    What do the statisticians say about what lies behind this accelerating increase in crime in England and Wales? "The 13% increase in police recorded crime from the previous year reflects a range of factors including continuing improvements to crime recording and genuine increases in some crime categories, especially in those that are well-recorded," say the UK’s Office for National Statistics.


    So the increasing pace of terror attacks in England this year is not the cause? No, the ONS does not say that the attacks, let alone radical Islam, are among the causes of rising crime.
  source: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/oct/20/donald-trump-blame-terrorism-rising-uk-crime-figures
- checker: the-hill
  quote:
    The study that Trump cited does not show a link between the rise in crime and terrorism, noting that out of the 664 homicides recorded, only 35 were a result of terror attacks. U.K. officials [said](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/356343-trump-calls-to-keep-america-safe-citing-rising-uk-crime-rate) that the rise was likely because of better crime reporting.
  source: http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/356365-winston-churchills-grandson-calls-trump-a-daft-twerp
- checker: ap
  quote:
    President Donald Trump has misinterpreted British crime statistics and wrongly blamed terrorism as the driving factor behind higher numbers. Terror attacks in Manchester and London that killed 35 people only account for 1/100th of a percent of the total number of crimes recorded in the report, and homicides are actually down 2 percent.
  source: https://apnews.com/6585dfd6917a43468cbdd2b7360068ac
---
