content/person/donald-trump/2017-07-28.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-07-28

claims:
- border-apprehensions-increased-in-admins-before-trump
- border-apprehensions-down-about-80-percent-under-trump

quote:
  You know, the border is down 78 percent.  Under past administrations,
  the border didn’t go down — it went up.
where: remarks on MS-13 to law enforcement
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: BFmTMbWluWY
  start: 702
  duration: 8
source: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/28/remarks-president-trump-law-enforcement-officials-ms-13
checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: "false"
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/07/trumps-border-boast/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/01/president-trumps-claim-that-illegal-immigration-went-up-under-past-administrations/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/03/donald-trump/false-trumps-claim-about-illegal-immigration-under/
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-07-28.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-07-28

claims:
- border-apprehensions-increased-in-admins-before-trump
- border-apprehensions-down-about-80-percent-under-trump

quote:
  You know, the border is down 78 percent.  Under past administrations,
  the border didn’t go down — it went up.
where: remarks on MS-13 to law enforcement
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: BFmTMbWluWY
  start: 702
  duration: 8
source: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/28/remarks-president-trump-law-enforcement-officials-ms-13
checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: "false"
  claims:
  - border-apprehensions-increased-in-admins-before-trump
  quote:
    Border Patrol data going back to 1960 show that southwest border apprehensions declined under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.


    Since peaking in fiscal year 2000, apprehensions have declined in 10 of the last 16 fiscal years for a total decline of 75 percent, as the chart below shows. In fiscal 2011, southwest border apprehensions declined by nearly 27 percent from the previous year to 327,577 — the lowest yearly total since 1972.
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/07/trumps-border-boast/
- checker: factcheck-org
  claims:
  - border-apprehensions-down-about-80-percent-under-trump
  quote:
    By comparing the same time periods, we found that [southwest border apprehensions](https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/stats/sw-border-migration) were down 53 percent from June 2016 to June 2017, and they were down 58 percent when comparing the first full five months under Trump in 2017, from February to June, with the same five-month period in 2016.
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/07/trumps-border-boast/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  quote:
    While monthly and annual figures are susceptible to cherry-picking, the decline under his presidency is as low as 8 percent, and the decline in June 2017 compared with June 2016 is 52.6 percent. That places his claim at the Three-Pinocchio range.


    Then this talking point spins out of control when Trump falsely says border activity actually went up, not down, before his administration. In reality, illegal border crossings are back down to early-1970s levels, and apprehensions have steadily declined since their peak in 2000, with temporary upticks here and there.
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/01/president-trumps-claim-that-illegal-immigration-went-up-under-past-administrations/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  claims:
  - border-apprehensions-down-about-80-percent-under-trump
  quote:
    U.S. Customs and Border Protection data also show that from November to June (latest available figures), apprehensions by border patrol agents declined about 66 percent.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/03/donald-trump/false-trumps-claim-about-illegal-immigration-under/
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  claims:
  - border-apprehensions-increased-in-admins-before-trump
  quote:
    Analyses of monthly and annual apprehension statistics show declines for both Bush and Obama’s administrations.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/03/donald-trump/false-trumps-claim-about-illegal-immigration-under/
---
