content/person/donald-trump/2017-03-04.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-03-04

claims:
- obama-tapped-trumps-wires

quote:
  Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my “wires tapped” in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!


  ...


  How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: factopolisdb
  timeline: "911263968231952387"

checks:
- checker: new-york-times
  short: There's no evidence of a wiretap.
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: unsupported
  sharethefacts: 7764db10-f622-4ba4-969c-441cdd6ab729
  short:
    It is the responsibility of the politician making a claim to provide information to support it. But Trump has failed to do so.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/examining-trumps-wiretap-claim/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: e4dd282c-16e8-4778-8bf6-50bc7998b643
  quote:
    While the Trump White House cited five news reports to justify its request for a congressional investigation, only two actually are relevant... Even if these media reports are accepted as accurate, neither back up Trump’s claims that Obama ordered the tapping of his phone calls.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/03/05/trumps-evidence-for-obama-wiretap-claims-relies-on-sketchy-anonymously-sourced-reports/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  sharethefacts:
  quote:
    There is no new detail in the Sept. 19 CNN report that warrants a change to our original Four-Pinocchio rating. Trump had claimed that Obama ordered the wiretapping of his phones in Trump Tower just before the presidential election. That allegation remains unproven.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/22/is-president-trump-vindicated-on-his-claim-of-wires-tapped-by-obama/
---

Commit message:

FactCheck.org put out a re-check on the Trump wire-tapping thing.
Like WaPo, they are also standing by their original assessment. CNN
also has a good analysis of the situation at
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/19/politics/trump-wiretapping-manafort/index.html

content/person/donald-trump/2017-03-04.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-03-04

claims:
- obama-tapped-trumps-wires

quote:
  Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!


  ...


  How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: factopolisdb
  timeline: "911263968231952387"

checks:
- checker: new-york-times
  short: There's no evidence of a wiretap.
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: unsupported
  sharethefacts: 7764db10-f622-4ba4-969c-441cdd6ab729
  short:
    It is the responsibility of the politician making a claim to provide information to support it. But Trump has failed to do so.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/examining-trumps-wiretap-claim/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: e4dd282c-16e8-4778-8bf6-50bc7998b643
  quote:
    While the Trump White House cited five news reports to justify its request for a congressional investigation, only two actually are relevant... Even if these media reports are accepted as accurate, neither back up Trump’s claims that Obama ordered the tapping of his phone calls.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/03/05/trumps-evidence-for-obama-wiretap-claims-relies-on-sketchy-anonymously-sourced-reports/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  quote:
    There is no new detail in the Sept. 19 CNN report that warrants a change to our original Four-Pinocchio rating. Trump had claimed that Obama ordered the wiretapping of his phones in Trump Tower just before the presidential election. That allegation remains unproven.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/22/is-president-trump-vindicated-on-his-claim-of-wires-tapped-by-obama/
- checker: factcheck-org
  quote:
    There is still much that we don't know about the ongoing federal investigation into Russia and the Trump campaign. It may be that Manafort -- as CNN reported -- was the target of a court-ordered wiretap. It may even turn out that Trump was inadvertently picked up if he spoke to Manafort when the court order was in place.


    But there is no evidence to support Trump’s tweets accusing Obama of illegally wiretapping his phones. That was the case in March, and it remains so.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/revisiting-trumps-wiretap-tweets/
---
