content/person/donald-trump/2017-07-28-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-07-28

claims:
- border-wall-would-significantly-curb-drug-smuggling

quote:
  Now, we're going to build a real wall.  We're going to build a wall that works, and it's going to have a huge impact on the inflow of drugs coming across.  The wall is almost -- that could be one of the main reasons you have to have it.  It's an additional tool to stop the inflow of drugs into our country.
where: remarks on MS-13 to law enforcement
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: BFmTMbWluWY
  start: 2085
  duration: 21
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/28/remarks-president-trump-law-enforcement-officials-ms-13

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  quote:
    Most drugs come into the United States across the southern border with Mexico. But a wall would not limit this illegal trade, as much of it travels through legal borders or under tunnels unaffected by any possible physical barrier.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/11/president-trumps-claim-that-a-wall-will-stop-much-of-the-drugs-from-pouring-into-this-country/?utm_term=.cec33a11d8aa
---

Commit message:

Add PolitiFact check on border wall + drugs.
They also turned up a few Trump statements we didn't have, so I added
them.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-07-28-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-07-28

claims:
- border-wall-would-significantly-curb-drug-smuggling

quote:
  Now, we're going to build a real wall.  We're going to build a wall that works, and it's going to have a huge impact on the inflow of drugs coming across.  The wall is almost -- that could be one of the main reasons you have to have it.  It's an additional tool to stop the inflow of drugs into our country.
where: remarks on MS-13 to law enforcement
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: BFmTMbWluWY
  start: 2085
  duration: 21
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/28/remarks-president-trump-law-enforcement-officials-ms-13

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  quote:
    Most drugs come into the United States across the southern border with Mexico. But a wall would not limit this illegal trade, as much of it travels through legal borders or under tunnels unaffected by any possible physical barrier.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/11/president-trumps-claim-that-a-wall-will-stop-much-of-the-drugs-from-pouring-into-this-country/?utm_term=.cec33a11d8aa
- checker: politifact
  sharethefacts: 1ca4901b-dfee-4aec-8154-3441c92c7915
  quote:
    Several experts casted doubt on the wall's potential effect. They noted that much of the illegal drugs coming into the United States arrive through legal ports of entry and that smugglers also use other tools that a wall wouldn't stop (even catapults). Illicit drugs also flow from the northern border and through the mail from China.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2017/oct/26/will-border-wall-stop-drugs-coming-united-states/
---
