content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-11-2.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-11

claims:
- stock-market-gains-reduce-national-debt

quote:
  So they borrowed more than $10 trillion. Right? And yet, we picked up $5.2 trillion just in the stock market. Possibly picked up the whole thing in terms of the first nine months. In terms of value. So, you could say in one sense, we are really increasing values and may be in the sense, we are reducing debt. But we are very honored by it and we are very, very happy by what's happening on Wall Street.
where: interview with Sean Hannity
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: FOXNEWSW_20171012_010000_Hannity
  start: 126
  duration: 23
- type: fox
  id: 5606452902001
  start: 112
  duration: 23
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.FoxNews.com/transcript/2017/10/11/president-trump-vows-largest-tax-cut-in-history-this-country.html

checks:
- checker: cnn
  short: To say this is a head-scratcher is an understatement.
  source: http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/12/news/economy/donald-trump-stock-market-national-debt/index.html
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: 7b9235d6-fec5-4197-96b3-0222f77e77ec
  quote:
    Trump seems to be signaling that the stock market gains can somehow be applied to paying down the debt. That’s not the case -- gains from a bull market accrue to stockholders, and the government doesn’t get its fractional cut until the assets are sold and taxed, if they ever are.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/oct/12/donald-trump/donald-trumps-misleading-linkage-between-stock-gai/
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    President Trump suggested on Wednesday evening that a soaring stock market might be “in a sense” reducing the national debt, a statement that is not true, in any sense.
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/12/us/politics/trump-stock-market-national-debt-fact-check.html
- checker: cnbc
  short: The claim is incorrect on its face...
  source: https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/12/trump-just-claimed-stock-market-gains-actually-offset-national-debt.html
- checker: fortune
  short: But any claim that stock market gains directly wipe out national debt is simply inaccurate.
  source: http://fortune.com/2017/10/12/donald-trump-stock-market-national-debt-fact-check/
- checker: fiscal-fact-check
  rating: "false"
  quote:
    But there is no "sense" in which higher stock market value led to lower national debt. The two numbers are completely unrelated to each other.
  source: http://www.crfb.org/blogs/have-stock-market-gains-reduced-national-debt
---

Commit message:

Add a couple additional checks of existing statements.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-11-2.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-11

claims:
- stock-market-gains-reduce-national-debt

quote:
  So they borrowed more than $10 trillion. Right? And yet, we picked up $5.2 trillion just in the stock market. Possibly picked up the whole thing in terms of the first nine months. In terms of value. So, you could say in one sense, we are really increasing values and may be in the sense, we are reducing debt. But we are very honored by it and we are very, very happy by what's happening on Wall Street.
where: interview with Sean Hannity
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: FOXNEWSW_20171012_010000_Hannity
  start: 126
  duration: 23
- type: fox
  id: 5606452902001
  start: 112
  duration: 23
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.FoxNews.com/transcript/2017/10/11/president-trump-vows-largest-tax-cut-in-history-this-country.html

checks:
- checker: cnn
  short: To say this is a head-scratcher is an understatement.
  source: http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/12/news/economy/donald-trump-stock-market-national-debt/index.html
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: 7b9235d6-fec5-4197-96b3-0222f77e77ec
  quote:
    Trump seems to be signaling that the stock market gains can somehow be applied to paying down the debt. That’s not the case -- gains from a bull market accrue to stockholders, and the government doesn’t get its fractional cut until the assets are sold and taxed, if they ever are.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/oct/12/donald-trump/donald-trumps-misleading-linkage-between-stock-gai/
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    President Trump suggested on Wednesday evening that a soaring stock market might be “in a sense” reducing the national debt, a statement that is not true, in any sense.
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/12/us/politics/trump-stock-market-national-debt-fact-check.html
- checker: cnbc
  short: The claim is incorrect on its face...
  source: https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/12/trump-just-claimed-stock-market-gains-actually-offset-national-debt.html
- checker: fortune
  short: But any claim that stock market gains directly wipe out national debt is simply inaccurate.
  source: http://fortune.com/2017/10/12/donald-trump-stock-market-national-debt-fact-check/
- checker: fiscal-fact-check
  rating: "false"
  quote:
    But there is no "sense" in which higher stock market value led to lower national debt. The two numbers are completely unrelated to each other.
  source: http://www.crfb.org/blogs/have-stock-market-gains-reduced-national-debt
- checker: factcheck-org
  quote:
    Trump is right that the stock market has been soaring -- a trend that began several years ago, but that has been even more pronounced since Trump's election. But those stock gains are not reducing the ever-growing national debt. At best, the additional tax revenues may contribute to slowing the debt's growth.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/trump-muddles-economic-indicators/
---
