content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-16-6.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-16

claims:
- obama-didnt-call-families-of-fallen-soldiers

quote:
  So, the traditional way -- if you look at President Obama and other Presidents, most of them didn't make calls, a lot of them didn't make calls.
where: statement after meeting with Mitch McConnell
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: k-Kl06bfq48
  start: 1843
  duration: 8
- type: transcript
  source: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/16/remarks-president-trump-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-joint

retraction:
  date: 2017-10-16
  quote: President Obama I think probably did sometimes, and maybe sometimes he didn't. I don't know.
  source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/16/remarks-president-trump-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-joint

checks:
- checker: esquire
  quote:
    Trump clearly admitted that he was just throwing it out there that President Obama didn't call the families of those killed serving their country. Like at his rallies, he was testing a line to see if it would stick. It didn't because it was challenged, so he backtracked.
  source: http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a13029550/trump-obama-call-soldier-families/
---

Commit message:

Add some more checks on Trump's claim about Obama not calling families.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-10-16-6.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-16

claims:
- obama-didnt-call-families-of-fallen-soldiers

quote:
  So, the traditional way -- if you look at President Obama and other Presidents, most of them didn't make calls, a lot of them didn't make calls.
where: statement after meeting with Mitch McConnell
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: k-Kl06bfq48
  start: 1843
  duration: 8
- type: transcript
  source: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/16/remarks-president-trump-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-joint

retraction:
  date: 2017-10-16
  quote: President Obama I think probably did sometimes, and maybe sometimes he didn't. I don't know.
  source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/16/remarks-president-trump-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-joint

checks:
- checker: esquire
  quote:
    Trump clearly admitted that he was just throwing it out there that President Obama didn't call the families of those killed serving their country. Like at his rallies, he was testing a line to see if it would stick. It didn't because it was challenged, so he backtracked.
  source: http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/a13029550/trump-obama-call-soldier-families/
- checker: new-york-times
  quote:
    Mr. Trump's assertion belied a long record of meetings Mr. Obama held with the families of killed service people, as well as calls and letters.
  source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/16/us/politics/trump-obama-killed-soldiers.html
- checker: cbs
  quote:
    A former White House official also told CBS News, "President Trump's claim is wrong. President Obama engaged families of the fallen and wounded warriors throughout his presidency through calls, letters, visits to Section 60 at Arlington, visits to Walter Reed, visits to Dover, and regular meetings with Gold Star Families at the White House and across the country."
  source: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-obama-didnt-call-fallen-soldiers-rose-garden/
- checker: cnn
  quote:
    Barack Obama, during his term in office, wrote letters and made calls to families of killed Americans, according to former administration officials. He also made frequent visits to the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center to spend time with wounded troops.
  source: http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/16/politics/trump-niger-green-berets/index.html
---
