content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-27-8.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-27

claims:
- trump-would-not-benefit-from-gop-tax-plan

quote:
  I'm doing the right thing, and it's not good for me.  Believe me.
where: speech on tax reform
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: 6Xk1t9HEEwU
  start: 943
  duration: 5
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/27/remarks-president-trump-tax-reform-event

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  sharethefacts: 9a5800ca-71cb-482a-bdfb-fed6b289b89a
  quote:
    Of course, he has not released his tax returns, so it is difficult to know for sure. But he is certainly subject to the AMT -- and the one recent tax return that has been leaked, from 2005, shows that the AMT increased his tax bill from about $5.3 million to $36.5 million. So at least in that tax year, he potentially could have saved $31 million.


    Eliminating the estate tax, meanwhile, is likely to benefit his heirs.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/28/fact-checking-president-trumps-tax-speech-in-indianapolis/
---

Commit message:

Add Time check on Trump not benefitting from GOP's tax plan.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-27-8.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-27

claims:
- trump-would-not-benefit-from-gop-tax-plan

quote:
  I'm doing the right thing, and it's not good for me.  Believe me.
where: speech on tax reform
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: 6Xk1t9HEEwU
  start: 943
  duration: 5
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/27/remarks-president-trump-tax-reform-event

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  sharethefacts: 9a5800ca-71cb-482a-bdfb-fed6b289b89a
  quote:
    Of course, he has not released his tax returns, so it is difficult to know for sure. But he is certainly subject to the AMT -- and the one recent tax return that has been leaked, from 2005, shows that the AMT increased his tax bill from about $5.3 million to $36.5 million. So at least in that tax year, he potentially could have saved $31 million.


    Eliminating the estate tax, meanwhile, is likely to benefit his heirs.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/28/fact-checking-president-trumps-tax-speech-in-indianapolis/
- checker: time
  quote:
    Of course, [Trump was the first major-party presidential candidate since 1976 not to release his tax returns](http://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2016/sep/28/tammy-baldwin/donald-trump-only-major-party-nominee-40-years-not/), so it's hard to say exactly how he'll be affected. But based on [tax returns which have become public](http://time.com/4517197/donald-trump-defends-leaked-tax-returns-pueblo/) and what we know of his finances, there are at least three key ways he could benefit.
  source: http://time.com/4960872/donald-trump-taxes-net-worth/
---
