content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-27.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-27

claims:
- republicans-had-enough-votes-for-graham-cassidy
- thad-cochran-in-the-hospital

quote:
  I just wanted to say, though, on healthcare, we have the votes for healthcare. We have one senator that's in the hospital. He can't vote because he’s in the hospital. He can't vote because he’s in the hospital. We have two other votes that are coming, and we will have them. But the problem is we can't have them by Friday -- because the reconciliation ends on Friday.
where: press gaggle
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: FWV50D99VOE
  start: 31
  duration: 24
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/27/press-gaggle-president-trump

checks:
- checker: nbc
  quote:
    But there's no evidence Trump has these votes, with or without Republican Sen. Thad Cochran, who is home recovering from an illness in Mississippi.
  source: https://www.NBCNews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-trump-says-he-has-votes-health-care-he-n805321
  claims:
  - republicans-had-enough-votes-for-graham-cassidy
- checker: cnn
  claims:
  - thad-cochran-in-the-hospital
  quote:
    ... although he's recuperating from a urological issue in Mississippi, he's not currently in a hospital... Cochran's office, however, said provisions would have been made for the senator to return to Washington to help pass the bill if his vote was needed.
  source: http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/27/politics/thad-cochran-not-hospitalized/index.html

---

Commit message:

Add PolitiFact check on Trump's healthcare spin.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-27.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-27

claims:
- republicans-had-enough-votes-for-graham-cassidy
- thad-cochran-in-the-hospital

quote:
  I just wanted to say, though, on healthcare, we have the votes for healthcare. We have one senator that's in the hospital. He can't vote because he’s in the hospital. He can't vote because he’s in the hospital. We have two other votes that are coming, and we will have them. But the problem is we can't have them by Friday -- because the reconciliation ends on Friday.
where: press gaggle
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: FWV50D99VOE
  start: 31
  duration: 24
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/09/27/press-gaggle-president-trump

checks:
- checker: nbc
  quote:
    But there's no evidence Trump has these votes, with or without Republican Sen. Thad Cochran, who is home recovering from an illness in Mississippi.
  source: https://www.NBCNews.com/politics/donald-trump/fact-check-trump-says-he-has-votes-health-care-he-n805321
  claims:
  - republicans-had-enough-votes-for-graham-cassidy
- checker: cnn
  claims:
  - thad-cochran-in-the-hospital
  quote:
    ... although he's recuperating from a urological issue in Mississippi, he's not currently in a hospital... Cochran's office, however, said provisions would have been made for the senator to return to Washington to help pass the bill if his vote was needed.
  source: http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/27/politics/thad-cochran-not-hospitalized/index.html
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  quote:
    At most, Senate Republicans have 49 "yes" votes -- that's short of the majority they need to pass the latest health care overhaul. This shortfall would not be overcome even with a "yes" vote from Cochran, who is not hospitalized, but rather recuperating at home after receiving medical treatment.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/28/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrongly-blames-hospitalized-senator-g/
---
