content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-23-7.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-23

claims:
- media-coverage-of-trump-charlottesville-statement-unfair

quote:
  "So here's what I said, really fast, here's what I said on Saturday: “We're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia” -- this is me speaking. “We condemn in the strongest, possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.” That's me speaking on Saturday.


  Right after the event.


  So I'm condemning the strongest, possible terms, “egregious display,” “hatred, bigotry and violence.” OK, I think I can't do much better, right? OK. But they didn't want to put this on. They had it on initially, but then one day he talked -- he didn't say it fast enough. He didn't do it on time. Why did it take a day? He must be a racist. It took a day."
where: rally in Phoenix, AZ
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: pfTvvLObtSc
  start: 715
  duration: 48
- type: transcript
  url: http://Time.com/4912055/donald-trump-phoenix-arizona-transcript/

checks:
- checker: politifact
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2017/aug/22/fact-checking-president-donald-trumps-campaign-ral/
- checker: npr
  source: http://www.NPR.org/2017/08/23/545504933/fact-check-10-statements-from-trumps-phoenix-speech
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: cherry-picks
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/08/trumps-phoenix-fiction/
- checker: ap
  source: https://APNews.com/ef230966dde5419ba244c8ac53403cc5/AP-FACT-CHECK:-Trump-does-what-he-accuses-media-of-doing
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-23-7.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-23

claims:
- media-coverage-of-trump-charlottesville-statement-unfair

quote:
  "So here's what I said, really fast, here's what I said on Saturday: “We're closely following the terrible events unfolding in Charlottesville, Virginia” -- this is me speaking. “We condemn in the strongest, possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.” That's me speaking on Saturday.


  Right after the event.


  So I'm condemning the strongest, possible terms, “egregious display,” “hatred, bigotry and violence.” OK, I think I can't do much better, right? OK. But they didn't want to put this on. They had it on initially, but then one day he talked -- he didn't say it fast enough. He didn't do it on time. Why did it take a day? He must be a racist. It took a day."
where: rally in Phoenix, AZ
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: pfTvvLObtSc
  start: 715
  duration: 48
- type: transcript
  url: http://Time.com/4912055/donald-trump-phoenix-arizona-transcript/

checks:
- checker: politifact
  quote:
    But Trump did not read the portion of his comments that were criticized by Republicans and Democrats for not explicitly condemning the racist, anti-Semitic protesters.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2017/aug/22/fact-checking-president-donald-trumps-campaign-ral/
- checker: npr
  quote:
    "Trump did say that, but he left out the second part of that sentence. The full sentence was: “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides” (per a transcript from Vox).


    It was that “many sides” part that angered many people — it appeared to put the KKK, neo-Nazi and other white supremacist rallygoers on the same moral footing as the counterprotesters who opposed them."
  source: http://www.NPR.org/2017/08/23/545504933/fact-check-10-statements-from-trumps-phoenix-speech
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: cherry-picks
  quote:
    Actually, Trump said, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, **on many sides. On many sides**.” In his retelling, Trump left out the words in bold.
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/08/trumps-phoenix-fiction/
- checker: ap
  quote:
    But, again, Trump did not repeat the phrase that drew criticism from Republicans and Democrats alike and prompted several of his advisory boards to disband in protest. While quoting himself, Trump did not mention his remark that “there’s blame on both sides.”
  source: https://APNews.com/ef230966dde5419ba244c8ac53403cc5/AP-FACT-CHECK:-Trump-does-what-he-accuses-media-of-doing
---
