content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-20.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-20

claims:
- graham-cassidy-protects-coverage-for-pre-existing-conditions

quote:
  I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: "910641701064204288"

checks:
- checker: newsweek
  quote:
    Unlike former President Barack Obama's landmark health care law, however, the new Republican bill would not guarantee coverage for people living with pre-existing conditions.
  source: http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-pre-existing-conditions-health-care-graham-cassidy-false-669001
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: 92132e8f-ac83-4bd1-be92-429b77ecc023
  quote:
    The bill does address pre-existing conditions, and if states want billions of dollars in federal aid, they must show they intend to keep coverage accessible and affordable.


    But the other parts of the bill allow states to give insurance companies a free hand in charging those people higher premiums. Professors who study the U.S. health care system said the bill’s language protecting people with pre-existing conditions is vague and subject to broad interpretation.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/21/donald-trump/trumps-misleading-claim-pre-existing-protections/
---

Commit message:

Add AP check of Trump's Graham-Cassidy tweet.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-09-20.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-20

claims:
- graham-cassidy-protects-coverage-for-pre-existing-conditions

quote:
  I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
where: Twitter
sources:
- type: twitter
  user: realDonaldTrump
  id: "910641701064204288"

checks:
- checker: newsweek
  quote:
    Unlike former President Barack Obama's landmark health care law, however, the new Republican bill would not guarantee coverage for people living with pre-existing conditions.
  source: http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-pre-existing-conditions-health-care-graham-cassidy-false-669001
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: 92132e8f-ac83-4bd1-be92-429b77ecc023
  quote:
    The bill does address pre-existing conditions, and if states want billions of dollars in federal aid, they must show they intend to keep coverage accessible and affordable.


    But the other parts of the bill allow states to give insurance companies a free hand in charging those people higher premiums. Professors who study the U.S. health care system said the bill’s language protecting people with pre-existing conditions is vague and subject to broad interpretation.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/21/donald-trump/trumps-misleading-claim-pre-existing-protections/
- checker: ap
  quote:
    "Trump insists in a tweet that the bill covers pre-existing conditions, a point also made by Cassidy, a sponsor of the legislation. But there’s a catch. It allows states to get a waiver from “Obamacare” requirements that insurers charge the same to people with health problems as they do to healthy people.


    The potential result: unaffordable premiums for those in poor health."
  source: https://www.apnews.com/0b4baa9ec9e34b3cad02a85baa287dd0
---
