content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-28-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-28

claims:
- border-wall-would-significantly-curb-drug-smuggling

quote:
  Just to add on, tremendous drugs are pouring into the United States at levels that nobody has ever seen before.  This happened over the last three to four years in particular.  The wall will stop much of the drugs from pouring into this country and poisoning our youth. So we need the wall.  It's imperative.
where: joint press conference with President Niinistö of Finland
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: mIjhZlYf1Wg
  start: 1861
  duration: 18
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/08/28/remarks-president-trump-and-president-niinist%C3%B6-finland-joint-press

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: 1427cf4d-f612-42ca-b7a7-e8552caf95b3
  quote:
    Most drugs come into the United States across the southern border with Mexico. But a wall would not limit this illegal trade, as much of it travels through legal borders or under tunnels unaffected by any possible physical barrier.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/11/president-trumps-claim-that-a-wall-will-stop-much-of-the-drugs-from-pouring-into-this-country/?utm_term=.cec33a11d8aa
---

Commit message:

Add PolitiFact check on border wall + drugs.
They also turned up a few Trump statements we didn't have, so I added
them.

content/person/donald-trump/2017-08-28-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-28

claims:
- border-wall-would-significantly-curb-drug-smuggling

quote:
  Just to add on, tremendous drugs are pouring into the United States at levels that nobody has ever seen before.  This happened over the last three to four years in particular.  The wall will stop much of the drugs from pouring into this country and poisoning our youth. So we need the wall.  It's imperative.
where: joint press conference with President Niinistö of Finland
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: mIjhZlYf1Wg
  start: 1861
  duration: 18
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/08/28/remarks-president-trump-and-president-niinist%C3%B6-finland-joint-press

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 4-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: 1427cf4d-f612-42ca-b7a7-e8552caf95b3
  quote:
    Most drugs come into the United States across the southern border with Mexico. But a wall would not limit this illegal trade, as much of it travels through legal borders or under tunnels unaffected by any possible physical barrier.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/11/president-trumps-claim-that-a-wall-will-stop-much-of-the-drugs-from-pouring-into-this-country/?utm_term=.cec33a11d8aa
- checker: politifact
  sharethefacts: 1ca4901b-dfee-4aec-8154-3441c92c7915
  quote:
    Several experts casted doubt on the wall's potential effect. They noted that much of the illegal drugs coming into the United States arrive through legal ports of entry and that smugglers also use other tools that a wall wouldn't stop (even catapults). Illicit drugs also flow from the northern border and through the mail from China.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2017/oct/26/will-border-wall-stop-drugs-coming-united-states/
---
