content/person/nancy-pelosi/2016-01-13.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2016-01-13

claims:
- russia-and-china-never-voted-with-us-on-iran-sanctions-until-nuclear-deal

quote:
  It is quite remarkable. In fact, since you are asking more about it,
  it is a masterful work on the part of President Obama to bring the
  P-5, Russia, China, into the fold. They have never voted with us in
  the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past. So from a diplomatic
  standpoint to get us to this place was masterful.
where: CNN interview
sources:
- type: transcript
  url: http://transcripts.CNN.com/TRANSCRIPTS/1601/13/nday.05.html

retraction:
  issuer:
    name: Drew Hammill
    position: Spokesman
  date: 2016-01-13
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jan/13/nancy-pelosi/nancy-pelosi-until-iran-deal-russian-and-china-had/
checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jan/13/nancy-pelosi/nancy-pelosi-until-iran-deal-russian-and-china-had/
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/nancy-pelosi/2016-01-13.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2016-01-13

claims:
- russia-and-china-never-voted-with-us-on-iran-sanctions-until-nuclear-deal

quote:
  It is quite remarkable. In fact, since you are asking more about it,
  it is a masterful work on the part of President Obama to bring the
  P-5, Russia, China, into the fold. They have never voted with us in
  the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past. So from a diplomatic
  standpoint to get us to this place was masterful.
where: CNN interview
sources:
- type: transcript
  url: http://transcripts.CNN.com/TRANSCRIPTS/1601/13/nday.05.html

retraction:
  issuer:
    name: Drew Hammill
    position: Spokesman
  date: 2016-01-13
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jan/13/nancy-pelosi/nancy-pelosi-until-iran-deal-russian-and-china-had/
checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: pants-on-fire
  quote:
    We [confirmed eight Security Council resolutions](http://www.un.org/en/sc/meetings/searchvote.asp) threatening, imposing or continiung sanctions against Iran in which Russia and China approved sanctions. The votes date back to July 2006. Five of them were passed before Obama took office in 2009.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jan/13/nancy-pelosi/nancy-pelosi-until-iran-deal-russian-and-china-had/
---
