content/person/ted-cruz/2017-08-28.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-28

claims:
- two-thirds-of-hurricane-sandy-bill-had-nothing-to-do-with-hurricane-sandy

quote:
  The problem with that particular bill is it became a $50 billion bill that was filled with unrelated pork. Two-thirds of that bill had nothing to do with Sandy.
where: Interview with MSNBC's Katy Tur
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: iwJg6frfEDU
  start: 390
  duration: 9
- type: video
  start: 55
  duration: 9
  source: http://www.MSNBC.com/msnbc-news/watch/cruz-explains-harvey-aid-request-despite-sandy-no-vote-1034388547931
  iframe: http://player.theplatform.com/p/7wvmTC/MSNBCEmbeddedOffSite?guid=n_msnbc_cruz_harvey_170828

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 3-pinocchios
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/29/ted-cruzs-claim-that-two-thirds-of-the-hurricane-sandy-bill-had-nothing-to-do-with-sandy/
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/30/ted-cruz/ted-cruzs-mostly-false-claim-two-thirds-sandy-reli/
---

Commit message:

FactCheck.org is piling on to the Ted Cruz thing…

content/person/ted-cruz/2017-08-28.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-28

claims:
- two-thirds-of-hurricane-sandy-bill-had-nothing-to-do-with-hurricane-sandy

quote:
  The problem with that particular bill is it became a $50 billion bill that was filled with unrelated pork. Two-thirds of that bill had nothing to do with Sandy.
where: Interview with MSNBC's Katy Tur
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: iwJg6frfEDU
  start: 390
  duration: 9
- type: video
  start: 55
  duration: 9
  source: http://www.MSNBC.com/msnbc-news/watch/cruz-explains-harvey-aid-request-despite-sandy-no-vote-1034388547931
  iframe: http://player.theplatform.com/p/7wvmTC/MSNBCEmbeddedOffSite?guid=n_msnbc_cruz_harvey_170828

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 3-pinocchios
  source: https://www.WashingtonPost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/29/ted-cruzs-claim-that-two-thirds-of-the-hurricane-sandy-bill-had-nothing-to-do-with-sandy/
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/aug/30/ted-cruz/ted-cruzs-mostly-false-claim-two-thirds-sandy-reli/
- checker: factcheck-org
  quote:
    Cruz could have said he thought the Sandy relief legislation included too many non-emergency items. That’s fair enough, and his opinion. But he was wrong to specifically say two-thirds of the bill “had nothing to do with Sandy,” or “little or nothing to do with Hurricane Sandy.”
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/08/cruz-wrong-sandy-relief/
---
