content/person/bill-cassidy/2017-09-20-1.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-20

claims:
- graham-cassidy-would-cover-more-people-than-aca

quote:
  I'm sorry he doesn't understand. Under Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson, more people will have coverage.
where: interview with CNN
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: CNNW_20170920_120000_New_Day
  start: 1578
  duration: 5
- type: web
  url: http://www.CNN.com/2017/09/20/politics/donald-trump-graham-cassidy-health-care/index.html

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 3-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: 00505faa-b578-403f-b04e-ebb1255beb08
  quote:
    Kimmel's claim that 30 million fewer Americans will have insurance may be a high-end estimate. But already, in 2019, CBO calculations suggest at least 15 million fewer Americans would have insurance once the individual and employer mandates are repealed. Much of that decline might be by choice, but Cassidy insists the gap will be filled and then exceeded in 10 years. Unlike Cassidy, no prominent health-care analyst is willing to venture a guess on coverage levels – but the consensus is that his funding formula makes his claim all but impossible to achieve.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/21/sen-cassidys-rebuttal-to-jimmy-kimmel-more-people-will-have-coverage/
---

Commit message:

Add some statements about Graham-Cassidy.

content/person/bill-cassidy/2017-09-20-1.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-20

claims:
- graham-cassidy-would-cover-more-people-than-aca

quote:
  I'm sorry he doesn't understand. Under Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson, more people will have coverage.
where: interview with CNN
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: CNNW_20170920_120000_New_Day
  start: 1578
  duration: 5
- type: web
  url: http://www.CNN.com/2017/09/20/politics/donald-trump-graham-cassidy-health-care/index.html

checks:
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 3-pinocchios
  sharethefacts: 00505faa-b578-403f-b04e-ebb1255beb08
  quote:
    Kimmel's claim that 30 million fewer Americans will have insurance may be a high-end estimate. But already, in 2019, CBO calculations suggest at least 15 million fewer Americans would have insurance once the individual and employer mandates are repealed. Much of that decline might be by choice, but Cassidy insists the gap will be filled and then exceeded in 10 years. Unlike Cassidy, no prominent health-care analyst is willing to venture a guess on coverage levels – but the consensus is that his funding formula makes his claim all but impossible to achieve.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/21/sen-cassidys-rebuttal-to-jimmy-kimmel-more-people-will-have-coverage/
- checker: abc
  quote:
    The Graham-Cassidy bill would scrap the individual mandate requiring people to buy insurance -– the crux of Obamacare which is so anathema to its opponents –- meaning people would no longer be penalized for not having insurance.


    James Capretta, a fellow with the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute, told ABC News the absence of the individual mandate means Graham-Cassidy is "highly, highly unlikely" to cover more people than current law.
  source: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fact-check-sen-bill-cassidy-health-care-bill/story?id=49993546
---
