content/person/bill-cassidy/2017-09-20.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-20

claims:
- me-va-fl-and-mo-would-see-billions-more-under-graham-cassidy

quote:
  States like Maine, Virginia, Florida, Missouri, there will be billions more dollars to provide health insurance coverage for those in those states who have been passed by by Obamacare.
where: interview with CNN
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: CNNW_20170920_120000_New_Day
  start: 1586
  duration: 12
- type: web
  url: http://www.CNN.com/2017/09/20/politics/donald-trump-graham-cassidy-health-care/index.html

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: 37b70819-f86b-4cf8-8658-a9275bbc67d4
  quote:
    Two of those four states will see a temporary bump in funding before settling in for a longer-term decline, according to the Avalere study. But the other two states won’t ever see a funding increase under the bill, according to Avalere.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/20/bill-cassidy/bill-cassidy-offers-misleading-defense-face-jimmy-/
---

Commit message:

Add some statements about Graham-Cassidy.

content/person/bill-cassidy/2017-09-20.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-20

claims:
- me-va-fl-and-mo-would-see-billions-more-under-graham-cassidy

quote:
  States like Maine, Virginia, Florida, Missouri, there will be billions more dollars to provide health insurance coverage for those in those states who have been passed by by Obamacare.
where: interview with CNN
sources:
- type: archive-org
  id: CNNW_20170920_120000_New_Day
  start: 1586
  duration: 12
- type: web
  url: http://www.CNN.com/2017/09/20/politics/donald-trump-graham-cassidy-health-care/index.html

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: 37b70819-f86b-4cf8-8658-a9275bbc67d4
  quote:
    Two of those four states will see a temporary bump in funding before settling in for a longer-term decline, according to the Avalere study. But the other two states won’t ever see a funding increase under the bill, according to Avalere.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/20/bill-cassidy/bill-cassidy-offers-misleading-defense-face-jimmy-/
- checker: abc
  quote:
    A handful of states, including Texas and two of the states Cassidy mentioned – Virginia and Missouri – would in fact end up with a net increase of funding over 10 years, according to a study by the policy analysis group Avalere. But overall, the study found that most states would end up with a net loss of federal funding versus current law.
  source: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fact-check-sen-bill-cassidy-health-care-bill/story?id=49993546
---
