content/person/john-kelly/2017-10-19.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-19

claims:
- wilson-bragged-about-getting-funding-for-fbi-building

quote:
  And a congresswoman stood up, and in the long tradition of empty barrels making the most noise, stood up there and all of that and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building, and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money, and she just called up President Obama, and on that phone call he gave the money -- the $20 million -- to build the building. And she sat down, and we were stunned. Stunned that she had done it. Even for someone that is that empty a barrel, we were stunned.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: scWDnXC7w1o
  start: 769
  duration: 40
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/19/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-and-chief-staff-general

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: 3df3cde2-a581-4633-9958-7e655c3bad12
  quote:
    However, in her speech, Wilson didn’t mention funding for the building, much less claim credit for it or tell the audience how she leveraged influence with Obama to secure it.


    Wilson did describe how she helped secure legislation to name the building for two slain agents, but Kelly’s description leaves out that the FBI pressed her to make that effort and that she shared credit with several other lawmakers, including the Republican House speaker and Florida’s Republican senator. Wilson also spoke at some length about the bravery of the slain agents and the FBI in general.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/oct/20/john-kelly/fact-checking-john-kelly-frederica-wilsons-2015-sp/
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: no-evidence
  sharethefacts: 91f97042-1e41-41ee-88c5-1b5e13128cd3
  quote:
    Kelly got it wrong, even though the White House says it stands by his account. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders [said that Wilson](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/20/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders) "had quite a few comments that day that weren't part of that speech ... that were also witnessed by many people that were there."


    In the video, Wilson didn’t say that “she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building.”
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/video-backs-wilson-not-kelly/
---

Commit message:

Add AP check for Kelly's claim about Wilson.

content/person/john-kelly/2017-10-19.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-10-19

claims:
- wilson-bragged-about-getting-funding-for-fbi-building

quote:
  And a congresswoman stood up, and in the long tradition of empty barrels making the most noise, stood up there and all of that and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building, and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money, and she just called up President Obama, and on that phone call he gave the money -- the $20 million -- to build the building. And she sat down, and we were stunned. Stunned that she had done it. Even for someone that is that empty a barrel, we were stunned.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: scWDnXC7w1o
  start: 769
  duration: 40
- type: transcript
  url: https://www.WhiteHouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/19/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-and-chief-staff-general

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: "false"
  sharethefacts: 3df3cde2-a581-4633-9958-7e655c3bad12
  quote:
    However, in her speech, Wilson didn't mention funding for the building, much less claim credit for it or tell the audience how she leveraged influence with Obama to secure it.


    Wilson did describe how she helped secure legislation to name the building for two slain agents, but Kelly's description leaves out that the FBI pressed her to make that effort and that she shared credit with several other lawmakers, including the Republican House speaker and Florida's Republican senator. Wilson also spoke at some length about the bravery of the slain agents and the FBI in general.
  source: http://www.PolitiFact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/oct/20/john-kelly/fact-checking-john-kelly-frederica-wilsons-2015-sp/
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: no-evidence
  sharethefacts: 91f97042-1e41-41ee-88c5-1b5e13128cd3
  quote:
    Kelly got it wrong, even though the White House says it stands by his account. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders [said that Wilson](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/10/20/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders) "had quite a few comments that day that weren't part of that speech ... that were also witnessed by many people that were there."


    In the video, Wilson didn't say that “she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building.”
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/video-backs-wilson-not-kelly/
- checker: ap
  quote:
    Kelly's recollection is incorrect. In her nine-minute speech at the April 10, 2015, dedication ceremony, a video of which was found by the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Wilson never mentions the building's financing.
  source: https://www.apnews.com/f7964d548272413082419c4aad75f920
---
