content/person/mike-pompeo/2017-08-14.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-14

claims:
- china-was-opposed-to-denuclearization-of-korean-peninsula

quote:
  We've seen the Chinese now say for among the first times that they
  believe the correct answer has to be denuclearized peninsula.
where: interview with Fox News' Chris Wallace
sources:
- type: video
  source: https://Archive.org/details/FOXNEWSW_20170813_180000_Fox_News_Sunday_With_Chris_Wallace/start/331/end/341
  url: https://ia601504.us.archive.org/29/items/FOXNEWSW_20170813_180000_Fox_News_Sunday_With_Chris_Wallace/FOXNEWSW_20170813_180000_Fox_News_Sunday_With_Chris_Wallace.mp4?start=331&end=341&exact=1&ignore=x.mp4
  duration: 8
- type: video
  start: 51
  duration: 8
  source: http://video.foxnews.com/v/5539941895001/?playlist_id=930909788001
  iframe: http://video.foxnews.com/static/p/video/app/embed/iframe/vod.html?video_id=5539941895001
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.FoxNews.com/transcript/2017/08/13/exclusive-sen-graham-on-charlottesville-north-korea-and-gop-agenda.html

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: distorts-the-facts
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/08/pompeo-distorts-chinas-nuclear-policy/
---

Commit message:

Move fact checks from claims to individual statements.
Part of this is that fact checks can apply to multiple claims, or
a single claim of a multi-claim statement. The drawback is that
fact checks of multiple statements must be duplicated for each
statement. The work-around for this would be adding a fact check
type which maps to both claims and statements, but I think the
usability drawbacks would be too great to justify the deduplication.

This does also add a few fact checks I came across while working on
moving the data.

content/person/mike-pompeo/2017-08-14.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-08-14

claims:
- china-was-opposed-to-denuclearization-of-korean-peninsula

quote:
  We've seen the Chinese now say for among the first times that they
  believe the correct answer has to be denuclearized peninsula.
where: interview with Fox News' Chris Wallace
sources:
- type: video
  source: https://Archive.org/details/FOXNEWSW_20170813_180000_Fox_News_Sunday_With_Chris_Wallace/start/331/end/341
  url: https://ia601504.us.archive.org/29/items/FOXNEWSW_20170813_180000_Fox_News_Sunday_With_Chris_Wallace/FOXNEWSW_20170813_180000_Fox_News_Sunday_With_Chris_Wallace.mp4?start=331&end=341&exact=1&ignore=x.mp4
  duration: 8
- type: video
  start: 51
  duration: 8
  source: http://video.foxnews.com/v/5539941895001/?playlist_id=930909788001
  iframe: http://video.foxnews.com/static/p/video/app/embed/iframe/vod.html?video_id=5539941895001
- type: transcript
  url: http://www.FoxNews.com/transcript/2017/08/13/exclusive-sen-graham-on-charlottesville-north-korea-and-gop-agenda.html

checks:
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: distorts-the-facts
  quote:
    In fact, China has supported “the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula” since at least 2005.
  source: http://www.FactCheck.org/2017/08/pompeo-distorts-chinas-nuclear-policy/
---
