content/person/sean-spicer.md, before:

---
title: Sean Spicer
picture: /person/sean-spicer.jpg
wikipedia: Sean_Spicer
twitter: seanspicer
factcheckorg: sean-spicer
politifact: sean-spicer
snopes: sean-spicer
affiliations:
  - gop
offices:
  - title: White House Press Secretary
    from: 2017-01-20
    thru: 2017-07-21
claims:
  - id: trump-inauguration-crowd-size
    assertions:
      - date: 2017-01-21
        quote:
          This was the largest audience to ever witness an
          inauguration — period — both in person and around the
          globe.
        source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/21/statement-press-secretary-sean-spicer
        checks:
         - checker: politifact
           rating: pants-on-fire
           source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/21/sean-spicer/trump-had-biggest-inaugural-crowd-ever-metrics-don/
         - checker: washington-post
           rating: 4-pinocchios
           source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/01/22/spicer-earns-four-pinocchios-for-a-series-of-false-claims-on-inauguration-crowd-size/
---

Commit message:

Add some stuff from the Washington Post.

content/person/sean-spicer.md, after:

---
title: Sean Spicer
picture: /person/sean-spicer.jpg
wikipedia: Sean_Spicer
twitter: seanspicer
factcheckorg: sean-spicer
politifact: sean-spicer
snopes: sean-spicer
affiliations:
  - gop
offices:
  - title: White House Press Secretary
    from: 2017-01-20
    thru: 2017-07-21
claims:
  - id: trump-inauguration-crowd-size
    assertions:
      - date: 2017-01-21
        quote:
          This was the largest audience to ever witness an
          inauguration — period — both in person and around the
          globe.
        source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/21/statement-press-secretary-sean-spicer
        checks:
         - checker: politifact
           rating: pants-on-fire
           source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/21/sean-spicer/trump-had-biggest-inaugural-crowd-ever-metrics-don/
         - checker: washington-post
           rating: 4-pinocchios
           source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/01/22/spicer-earns-four-pinocchios-for-a-series-of-false-claims-on-inauguration-crowd-size/
  - id: trump-fired-comey-only-at-request-of-doj
    assertions:
      - date: 2017-05-09
        quote: No one from the White House. That was a DOJ decision.
        source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/05/11/president-trump-just-decimated-the-white-houses-entire-comey-narrative/
---
