content/person/jeff-sessions/2017-09-05.md, before:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-05

claims:
- daca-contributed-to-surge-in-minors-crossing-southern-border

quote:
  The effect of this unilateral executive amnesty, among other things, contributed to a surge of minors at the southern border…
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: I3Lhl6Ru84c
  start: 93
  duration: 9
- type: prepared
  url: https://www.Justice.gov/opa/speech/attorney-general-sessions-delivers-remarks-daca

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: d24e8939-2235-4880-9aa8-19dd6db49739
  quote:
    … the data shows that the upticks at the southern border were already under way by the time DACA was announced, and that the trend line didn’t change significantly after the announcement. So the effect, if there was any at all, would have been too small to measure.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/05/jeff-sessions/jeff-sessions-questionable-claim-daca-helped-cause/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 2-pinocchios
  share-the-facts: 5ed86692-68dd-4be9-88b4-144a7e1fc31b
  quote:
    There was a surge in unaccompanied children in 2014, two years after DACA was announced. But that does not mean DACA led to that crisis or even contributed significantly to it. A bigger factor appears to be the 2008 law signed by Bush — as well as violence and economic conditions in the countries the children fled. DACA may have helped foster a perception that Obama was lenient on illegal immigrants, but it is hard to draw a direct line, as Sessions and Trump strive to do.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/06/the-trump-administrations-claim-that-daca-helped-spur-the-2014-surge-of-minors-crossing-the-border/
---

Commit message:

Add factcheck.org's check about DACA causing a surge in minors crossing
This also switches Sessions' quote to the version from the prepared
statement instead of what he actually said. Based on the following
sentence it's pretty clear that he was trying to refer specifically
to unaccompanied minors.

content/person/jeff-sessions/2017-09-05.md, after:

---
type: assertion
date: 2017-09-05

claims:
- daca-contributed-to-surge-in-minors-crossing-southern-border

quote:
  The effect of this unilateral executive amnesty, among other things, contributed to a surge of unaccompanied minors on the southern border that yielded terrible humanitarian consequences.
where: press briefing
sources:
- type: youtube
  id: I3Lhl6Ru84c
  start: 93
  duration: 12
- type: prepared
  url: https://www.Justice.gov/opa/speech/attorney-general-sessions-delivers-remarks-daca

checks:
- checker: politifact
  rating: mostly-false
  sharethefacts: d24e8939-2235-4880-9aa8-19dd6db49739
  quote:
    … the data shows that the upticks at the southern border were already under way by the time DACA was announced, and that the trend line didn’t change significantly after the announcement. So the effect, if there was any at all, would have been too small to measure.
  source: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/05/jeff-sessions/jeff-sessions-questionable-claim-daca-helped-cause/
- checker: washington-post
  rating: 2-pinocchios
  share-the-facts: 5ed86692-68dd-4be9-88b4-144a7e1fc31b
  quote:
    There was a surge in unaccompanied children in 2014, two years after DACA was announced. But that does not mean DACA led to that crisis or even contributed significantly to it. A bigger factor appears to be the 2008 law signed by Bush — as well as violence and economic conditions in the countries the children fled. DACA may have helped foster a perception that Obama was lenient on illegal immigrants, but it is hard to draw a direct line, as Sessions and Trump strive to do.
  source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/06/the-trump-administrations-claim-that-daca-helped-spur-the-2014-surge-of-minors-crossing-the-border/
- checker: factcheck-org
  rating: distorts-the-facts
  share-the-facts: a4c5e71b-66ac-42ab-803b-6350c19eb201
  quote:
    All the government reports on the subject that we could find said that misinformation about U.S. immigration policy *may* have driven some to cross the border illegally. But these reports cited multiple reasons for the surge, primarily violence in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador.
  source: http://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/spinning-facts-daca/
---
